text 
 A triangular/square-wave generator with current-controllable frequency and amplitude is presented. The generator utilizes operational transconductance amplifiers as switching elements. A prototype circuit built with commercially available components exhibits less than 2% nonlinearity in its current-to-frequency transfer characteristic from 1 to 10 kHz and -150 ppm//spl deg/C temperature coefficient of frequency over 15/spl deg/C to 35/spl deg/C. The circuit also displays wide sweep capability and good linearity of current to amplitude. The application of the circuit to a current-controllable saw-tooth waveform generator is also presented.
" A novel ultracompact 2/spl times/2 wavelength division multiplexer (WDM) for 1.55-/spl mu/m operation based on highly dispersive two-mode interference (TMI) was designed, theoretically modeled, and verified using a finite-difference-time-domain (FDTD) method. A two-moded waveguide assisted with a dispersive tooth-shaped grating provided a mode-dependent reflection band of central wavelength at 1.55 /spl mu/m. The wavelengths of 1538 and 1572 nm that were at the band edges and had the lowest reflection losses and relatively high dispersion were selected for wavelength multiplexing. The result showed that the wavelengths were separated by grating dispersion in a coupler length of 75 /spl mu/m which was much shorter than the required length of 1.1 mm in a regular TMI multiplexer of no grating. Insertion loss of about 1.7 dB and channel contrast of about 12 dB were achieved."
" This paper investigates micro-parts feeding using a saw-tooth surface. In parts feeding, the driving force applied on each part must vary according to the direction of motion of the part so that the part moves in one direction. Traditional feeders employ oblique or asymmetric vibration of the feeder surface, which often causes unstable motion of micro-parts. In this paper, we propose micro-parts feeding using a saw-tooth surface with simple planar and symmetric vibration. First, we describe the principle of the proposed technique. We then develop a model describing the contact between a micro-part and a saw-tooth, and formulate the condition for feeding. Next, we conduct experiments to assess the feasibility of micro-parts feeding by the proposed method. Finally, we discuss how well the feeding model fits experimental results."
" We propose an EMG-based mouse control method for helping the tetraplegic use computer by teeth-clenching. In this paper, we investigate useful actions and muscles as a means of the input method for the tetraplegic and a method of processing EMG signals for the purpose of controlling mouse control from the recognized patterns. Also, we developed a prototype system for acquiring and processing such EMGs based upon the specifications obtained from the study. Our experimental result shows that the proposed method shows promise of controlling the position of a mouse pointer and clicking mouse buttons in an operating system. In fact, our prototype system offers a great deal of convenience in wearing the prototype on a user's forehead. We verified our result by comparing the performance of the proposed system to that of a conventional mouse"
" Current fabrication of invisible tooth aligner follows the standard procedure to first form a dental plaster model manually adjusted per the dentist's empirical judgment, and then replicate the model to make an invisible tooth aligner fit onto the specific patient. Such a process requires meticulous hands-on experience and time. The objective of this paper is to use digitalized tools to improve orthodontic efficiency. The tool will enable the dentist to directly modify a dental model in a computer, output the post-modification file to speedily produce a prototype, and finally fabricate a ready-to-wear invisible tooth aligner. This tool will also provide clear evaluation for post orthodontic treatment tracking."
" For low cost wireless data acquisition provided from some sensors, Bluetooth asynchronous links (ACL) on HCI interface are suited to use. However, when the transducers sampled system is submitted to stricter time constraints, a solution where data crosses a minimum software and firmware layers is necessary. In this way, we investigated the PCM interface dedicated to the voice. This paper shows how, using PCM interface, with the choice of logarithmic laws and the conception of a particular coding/decoding circuit, the synchronous Bluetooth links (SCO) allow digital data conservation and offer a reduced and stationary transmission delay. Our practical readings taken and comparison on the synchronous and asynchronous transmission latency have allowed proposing a new architecture, which can cover a large variety of wireless communicating sensors/actuators systems as well as short-range robotic applications."
" A function generation method of tooth-layer permeance for doubly-slotted motor is presented in this paper. Tooth-layer permeance is dealt with by function generation method applying Fourier analysis, and it varies with only tooth-layer magnetomotive force F without maladjusted angle a, then the motor performance is calculated by analytical method similar to air gap rate permeance method. Based on the analysis of tooth-layer permeance for doubly-slotted motor, the function generation theory of tooth-layer permeance is presented, and the result is compared with general calculating result. The influence rule on the components of tooth-layer permeance with tooth-layer parameters is analyzed and the magnetic network model is established based on this method. Step forward, the maximum electromagnetic thrust force of a double-slotted linear motor prototype is calculated with a good solution for nonlinear problem due to saturation."
" For the reduction of the cogging torque of permanent-magnet synchronous machines several approaches are known. But cogging torque predictions for arbitrary types of machines using the same approach are still troublesome and imprecise. Therefore, a fast optimization process is developed and presented in this paper. Here, the combination of both numerical and analytical simulation results in such a fast method"
" Since PCA-based teeth-image personal identification method (K. Prajuabklang, et al., 2004) is not robust against reflection and orientation, registered persons in database are rejected around 7%. This paper proposes a method to improve the PCA-based teeth-image personal identification method. In this method, the teeth image failed from the matching in the PCA-based system is reconsidered by feeding back the image to eliminate the reflection and the rotation problems. The enhanced teeth image is fed back to PCA process in order to rescue misclassified teeth-image. In the experiments, 25 teeth images are tested with 20-teeth database. The results revealed that of the 7% errors caused by the two problems, 5% are correctly identified because of the proposed method"
" In the application of the fault diagnosis, principal components analysis (PCA) is often used to judge the state of a equipment and classify the faults by means of projecting the original data to the principal components space. However, if the data are concentrated in a nonlinear subspace, PCA will fail to work well. Kernel principal components analysis (KPCA) transforms the input data from the original input space into a higher dimensional feature space with the nonlinear mapping, and then uses the nonlinear principal components to classify the state of the equipment. In this paper a case of gear fault diagnosis was studied by KPCA. The feature value was firstly extracted from vibration signals of the gearbox under the condition of continue running, and then KPCA method was used to extract the information of gear crack fault. The result shows that KPCA can be more effective to distinguish the state of the gear and more suitable to diagnose the gear faults in early stage"
" Gears form a critical part of many electromechanical systems. Since gear faults cause vibrations, and vibration-based diagnostics are very reliable, this has traditionally been the most commonly used approach to detecting gear faults. However, it is expensive due to the use of high-priced accelerometers and sensor wiring. This paper proposes an alternative way of detecting faults in gears coupled to brushless dc motors by monitoring either the motor current or voltage. It will be shown that gear faults create unique spectral components in the voltage and current spectrums. The faults investigated include damage to gear teeth and loss of lubrication. Experimental and simulation results demonstrate that motor current/voltage signature analysis is a viable tool to detect these gear faults and is a cheaper alternative than vibration-based fault-detection scheme"
" The paper presents key elements of an original modeling method of dynamic stress distribution across the root surface of single rooted teeth, during uncontrolled orthodontic tipping. A nonlinear differential equation has been proposed as an approximation of equilibrium between different components of mechanical work during orthodontic movement of the tooth"
" Continuing the paper (Colosi et al., 2006), ""Analogical modeling of periodontal stress distribution during orthodontic tipping of single rooted teeth"", this paper presents significant aspects regarding the numerical integration of a second order nonlinear differential equation which constitutes an original analogical model variant of uncontrolled orthodontic tipping for single rooted teeth. The corresponding logical scheme is presented and some obtained results are interpreted"
" This paper constitutes the first stage of a more complex and diversified study of the effects of anterior teeth implantation on complete denture stability. The main aim of this first stage is to briefly present the issue of complete denture biodynamics with reference to the clinical observation of these phenomena. It can be thus noted that asymmetric couples may appear during dynamic mastication, which can cause unwanted and even dangerous shifting of the denture on the prosthetic field. The next stage of this study will present constructive-functional details using differential equations in order to establish long-term quantitative approximations of this harmful phenomenon"
" Artificial neural network (ANN), with its high performances in handling complex problems, has been widely used in medical image processing for clinical diagnostic application. In this paper, an ANN tooth decay diagnostic strategy was proposed and carefully experimented. A back propagation (BP) neural network was formed to analyze the X-ray image of patient's teeth. With inter-pixel autocorrelation coefficients as its input feature vector, the network achieved considerable good performance in making differential diagnoses between decayed and normal teeth. The tooth decay detection accuracy was significantly improved comparing to the diagnosis made by a ""rule-based"" computer assisted program and a group of dentists"
" In attempts to improve the quality of life (QOL), methods that make use of the symbiosis between medicine and technology are sought continuously. The insight in biomedical processes opens the way to a technically controlled rehabilitation. One such approach uses the know-how on bone remodeling and bone growth in a dental environment. By applying an immediate load on a newly placed implant, the bone growth is positively stimulated. However, excessive loading should be avoided at all times. Therefore, a fully implantable device was designed that is able to monitor the load continuously and provide feedback when overloading occurs. To the authors' knowledge, it is the first time such a system is proposed. In this paper, the design of the smart dental prosthesis is elaborated"
" The goal of forensic dentistry is to identify individuals based on their dental characteristics. In this paper we present a new matching technique for identifying missing, and wanted individuals from their dental X-ray records. Given a dental record, usually a postmortem (PM) radiograph, the proposed technique searches a database of ante mortem (AM) radiographs and retrieves the best matches from the database. The technique is based on matching teeth contours using hierarchical Chamfer distance. The proposed technique has two main stages: feature extraction, and teeth matching. During retrieval, according to a matching distance between the AM and PM teeth, AM radiographs that are most similar to a given PM image, are found and presented to the user. The experimental results on a database of 162 AM images show that the technique is robust for identifying individuals based on their dental records."
 The aim of this paper is to present optimal design process and optimized model of transverse flux rotary motor. The stator and rotor tooth shapes are optimized to reduce cogging torque. Design of experiment and response surface methodology are used as an optimization method and all the experimental samples are obtained from three-dimensional finite-element analysis. The validity of this method is verified by comparing the optimized model to the initial model
" In this paper, the performance analyses of the three phase induction motors have been done by finite element method (FEM) using time harmonic and transient with motion solvers. If there is no saturation in the ferrous portion of the mutual-flux path, the flux wave in the motor approaches a sine-wave shape, but some amount of saturation always exists in a typical three phase induction motor that has the effect of reducing the peak value of the flux wave. To study this phenomena, initially, 60 Hz saturation curves were used for the teeth as well as core yoke and performance analyses of the 2 motors (5 hp 4 P, and 15 hp 4 P) were done by FEM and then in turn, separate AC saturation curves for the teeth and the core yoke derived from the normal DC saturation curve were used, and FEM analyses were done to calculate all the electrical parameters of the motors. In both the cases, computational results are compared with the tested results, and it has been found that the percentage error between computational and tested results is less in case of separate saturation curves for teeth and core yoke compared to the other case."
" A new 2 times 2 microstrip antenna array is presented. The element used in this array is a tooth-like-slot patch. This patch is electromagnetically coupled by a microstrip feed line. In addition to the easy feeding, the proposed structure possesses the advantages of being wide bandwidth, high gain and the low cross-polarization level. The patch element has the peak gain 10.2 dBi and the cross-polarization is lower than -23 dB within the impedance bandwidth. The measured VSWR of 2 times 2 array show that the impedance bandwidth is 34%. The gain of the array is 14-16.3 dBi at 4.8-6.1 GHz. And the cross-polarization level of the array is lower than -20 dB within the impedance bandwidth"
" The paper is evaluating the main performances of the low speed, multi-pole permanent magnet synchronous generator provided with fractional, tooth concentrated windings. The constructive aspects versus running characteristics as cogging torque and full load/no-load voltage are presented for surface mounted permanent magnets generators. Appreciations are made about the terminology in the specific field in order to prevent the wander of the defined notions from the classical acceptance. The armature reaction mmf is analyzed as electrical fundamental and fractional space harmonics and experimental facts are reported for the small power synchronous generators up to 10 kW/200 rpm."
" The requirement management process area in capability maturity model integration (CMMI) has already been proved to be the best guidance for practicing requirement management. However, many have claimed that introduction of the process area has at least two difficulties for software engineering: Not only that it is uneasy to trace and measure requirements, but also that it needs to prepare and manage a numerous amount of inevitable documentations. This research implements shark-tooth software development model and scenario analysis of aspectual use case to develop a collaborative requirement management system to cohere with CMMI. A case study is given at the end of the paper to investigate the practical benefits of the system."
" Automatic tooth decay diagnosis achieved the satisfying results on the extracted tooth diagnosis by rule-based system and Artificial Neural Network (ANN). This paper, focusing on clinical tooth decay detection, introduces a Support Vector Machine (SVM) based diagnosis method. For comparison, an additional back propagation neural network (BPNN) tooth decay diagnosis experiment is reported. Comparative results indicate that SVM based method gives better performance than the one BPNN based."
" The goal of forensic dentistry is to identify individuals based on their dental characteristics. In this paper we present a system for identifying individuals from their dental X-ray records. Given a dental record, usually a postmortem (PM) radiograph, the system searches a database of ante mortem (AM) radiographs and retrieves the best matches from the database. The system automatically segments dental X-ray images into individual teeth and extracts representative feature vectors for each tooth, which are later used for retrieval. The system integrates one method for teeth segmentation, and two different methods for representing and matching teeth. The first matching method represents each tooth contour by signature vectors obtained at salient points on the contour of the tooth. The second method uses hierarchical Chamfer distance for matching AM and PM teeth to reduce the search space and accordingly reduce the retrieval time. Given a query PM image, and according to a matching distance, AM radiographs that are most similar to the PM image, are found and presented to the user using the two matching methods. The experimental results show that the system is robust. We studied the performance of the different modules of the system as well as the results effusing the matching techniques."
" The purpose of this study was to compare the initial tooth displacement in different micro implant-bone interfaces (the initial stability, full osseointegration and fiberal integration) using micro-implant anchorage system. Three-dimensional finite elemental models of maxillary dentition were constructed. It included the space for extraction of two first premolars, the periodontal ligament, alveolar bone, micro-implant, arch wire (0.018times0.025 inch), straight wire bracket and Ni-Ti spring. Under the same orthodontic force of 1.5 N, the trend of the maxillary anterior tooth initial displacement in the different implant-bone interfaces was same, but the amount was different. No significant differences were noted of the maximum initial displacement in the full osseointegration and liberal integration implant-bone interface situations. But in the initial stability situation, the maximum displacement was significantly less than the other two situations. The results showed that the micro implant can provide stable anchorage in the full osseointegration and Liberal integration situations. But the orthodontic force transferred to teeth would be significantly declined in the initial stability situation, so it should be cautious handling."
" The windings voltage value and waveform of synchronous generator is calculated accurately using tooth flux method. In this method, the effects of the magnetic circuit geometry, saliency, saturation, winding layouts and slot shape are included. The the tooth flux method calculating characteristic and the windings voltage waveform of third harmonic excitation system of the no-load and on-load are proposed. The exactness of this method are verified by the comparison of the calculation results and the experiment results on a third harmonic excitation synchronous generator. Thus a difficult problem which calculates third harmonic excitation system accurately is solved."
" We have previously shown that a saw-tooth surface with only horizontal vibration, simple planar and symmetric, can feed along microparts. The microparts move forward because they adhere to the saw-tooth surface more in the backward direction than in the forward direction. Previously, we studied the effect of the pitch of the saw-tooth surface and the vibration frequency on the movement of 2012-type capacitors (size: 2.0 times 1.2 times 0.6 mm, weight: 7.5 mg). In the present study, we investigated the movement of a smaller capacitors 0603-type capacitors (size: 0.6 times 0.3 times 0.3 mm, weight: 0.3 mg) and compared them with those of the larger capacitor. For the smaller capacitors, the fastest feeding was realized when the pitch was 0.05 mm and elevation angle was 20 deg. The smaller capacitors moved slower than the larger capacitors because the former were affected more by adhesion force. The feeding velocity of the smaller capacitor was affected much by the ambient humidity. In addition, the influence of ambient humidity for feeding was shown."
" Dental calculus, hardened plaque on the teeth, is a cause of periodontitis, or gum diseases in the mouth. For dentists and dental hygienists, it is an important task to remove the calculi from patients. The task is called ""tooth scaling"" and the calculi just beside the gum and between the tooth and gum are usually removed by using a hand scaler. Since the scaling by a hand scaler requires skill, apprentice dentists and dental hygienists must be trained in order to get the skill. Unfortunately in the training environment, however, there are several problems such as difficulty in collecting teeth on which various types of calculi are stuck, lack of cooperative patients, and so on. Authors have newly developed a simulator for the training by using a PHANToM and a video-see-through HMD. The training effectiveness has been evaluated by artificial calculus removal on model teeth, and subjectively evaluated by veterans. The experimental result shows the developed simulator is more effective than the conventional paint removing method."
" It is desired to obtain three-dimensional shapes of teeth without extracting them physically in order to construct teeth database. In this paper, we propose a method for reconstructing three-dimensional shape of a tooth from the images acquired by a dental micro CT. First, initial contour of a tooth is obtained from an image in which the tooth is not buried in the bone and does not touch another tooth. A contour is determined in the adjacent image by searching the positions where the edge is strong. The shape of the tooth is obtained by recursive detection of the contours. Active contour model is used to obtain the contour where the edge is strong, and closed spline curve is used to represent the contour. Experimental results show that the shape of a tooth can be reconstructed from actual CT images by the proposed method."
" People with severe upper limb paralysis use devices that monitor head movements to control computer cursors. The three most common methods for producing mouse button clicks are dwell-time, sip-and-puff control, and voice-recognition. Here, we tested a new method in which small tooth-clicks were detected by an accelerometer contacting the side of the head. The resulting signals were paired with head tracking technology to provide combined cursor and button control. This system was compared with sip-and-puff control and dwell-time selection. A group of 17 people with disabilities and ten people without disabilities tested each system by producing mouse clicks as inputs to two software programs. Tooth-click/head-mouse control was much faster than dwell-time control and not quite as fast as sip-and-puff control, but it was more reliable and less cumbersome than the latter."
" A novel microvalve structures with adding vortex areas in profile which looks like the saw-tooth (STT-and ST- microvalves) have been designed, and the new efficiency model for the valveless micropump with piezoelectric actuator has been presented in this paper. For comparison purposes, fluidic simulations of three dimensions have been performed to the novel saw-tooth microvalves and the traditional diffuser/nozzle microvalve with CFD (Gambit and Fluent) software under steady conditions, respectively. The steady efficiencies under two limit conditions (the max flow rate at zero pressure head and the max pressure head at zero flow rates) have been calculated. The characteristic curves of several microvalves have been drawn with mat-lab software. The results show that the pressure loss and flow rate confirm the expected changes which along with the increase of the main cross-section in both flow directions by passing from the standard microvalve to the ST- and STT-ones, and the steady efficiency of the STT-microvalve is higher than that of other microvalves. Finally, in order to testify the result of simulation, the micropumps with STT-microvalve and S- microvalve have been fabricated. Through experiment it proves that the performances of the micropump with STT-microvalve are excelled than the S-microvalve because of the presence of the vortex areas and the taper."
 In most MFBD-systems it is possible to use a gear element to create a dynamic model of a wind turbine gearbox. This article shows a possibility to calculate the stiffness and the load free transmission error for this element using a FE-based tooth contact analysis.
 This paper presents a high torque mass ratio electromagnetic actuator which works with two differents coupling of the air gap magnetic field. The first one is a polar coupling as for the conventional synchronous machines and the secondth is tooth coupling as for the Vernier machines.
" Identification of deceased individuals based on dental characteristics is receiving increased attention, especially with the large volume of victims encountered in mass disasters. An important problem in automated dental identification is automatic classification of teeth into four classes (molars, premolars, canines, and incisors). An equally important problem is the construction of a dental chart, which is a data structure that guides tooth-to-tooth matching. Dental charts are the key for avoiding illogical comparisons that inefficiently consume the limited computational resources and may mislead decision making. Labeling of the teeth is a challenging task which has received inadequate attention in the literature. We tackle this composite problem using a two-stage approach. The first stage utilizes low computational cost, appearance-based features for assigning an initial class. The second stage applies a string matching technique, based on teeth neighborhood rules, to validate initial teeth-classes and, hence, to assign each tooth a number corresponding to its location in the dental chart. Based on a large test dataset of 507 bitewing and periapical films that contain 2027 teeth, the proposed approach achieves classification accuracy of 87%. Experimental results indicate that the proposed approach works very fast, and achieves high performance compared to other approaches suggested in the literature."
" Production rate plays an important role in industrial applications, which means higher demands for accelerations and speeds of the systems. The requirements for accuracy and repeatability are also increasing. A solution for these demands is a high-speed tooth belt linear drive; however, the drawbacks of system of this kind are non-linear friction and flexibility of the belt, which make the precision control of the system difficult. In this paper, the frictions and flexibility of the high-speed tooth belt linear drive are analyzed."
" The hard turning of AISI 4340 is taken as an example. First, thermo-mechanical coupled cutting model is set up with Abaqus\Explicit software. Then, different friction coefficient for chip formation is studied for the reason of crack and heat softening. Additionally, another increased strain energy release rate is studied with different friction coefficient. Finally, the result shows that the friction coefficient plays an important role in the formation of saw-tooth chip, especially when the strain energy release rate increases."
" Based on the experimental research, metal microstructure evolvement, remnant stress distribution, hardness distribution and tooth surface quality, tooth surface integrality of cold rolling spline are studied in this paper. Since the cold rolling spline is formed by roller rolling workspace, the experimental research results indicate that there are many advantages for tooth surface integrality. The grain is refined. The dislocation density is increased evidently. Metal microstructure canpsilat be cut off during cold rolling process and it is eventually dragged into strip fibrous structure. Hardness of spline in surface layer metal is also improved markedly. Because there are no traces of metal tearing on tooth surface, the surface glabrousness is better. Using the experimental results, the distribution regularity of remnant stress is obtained in the direction of tooth surface and tooth depth. Also it is found that metal flowing accords with minimal damp law in the process of cold rolling. Some conclusions are obtained from the research results. Metal microstructure surface layer and remnant stress distribution are reformed. Strength of spline and tooth quality are improved. So tooth surface integrality is enhanced markedly. All in all, mechanism of improving tooth surface integrality of spline formed by cold rolling machining method is revealed in this paper."
" This paper proposes a design technique using an S-shaped and C-shaped transition curves. A simple algorithm will be proposed in this paper where this algorithm will be based on Habib and Sakai [1]. In order to use this algorithm, a few constraints are considered such as the continuity, control points, curvature, radius etc. In this paper, we will apply this algorithm to design a spur gear tooth and vase in the two and three dimensional. The function involved is Bezier like cubic function with the smoothness is G
2
 continuity."
" This paper presents a match of X-ray teeth films using image processing based on special features of teeth. This method will help the dental doctors to match simply a pair of teeth using the special features of the teeth films. Teethpsilas pictures are scanned and adjusted by a scanner and a computer, respectively, as well as then they are converted into binary code and decoded to the direction code (chain code). The chain code of each picture is compared with the statistical chain code. Therefore, the percentage of the same chain code is approximately 90% (i.e. matching same patterns) for the comparison of one root to one root (7 times) and two roots to two roots (7 times) while the percentage of the same chain code is reduced at relatively below 50% (i.e. matching different patterns) for comparison of one root to two roots (2 times)."
" The article has analyzed the domestic and international present research status and development trend of the electric and hybrid electric vehicles (HEV). Considering actual scientific research, according to the characteristic and environment requirement of all-terrain vehicle (ATV), the principle of elected and designed component parts for powertrain coupling system of ATV, and the demands of performance parameter of power, torque and speed of moving ATV, this article studies on the performance parameter and control strategy of powertrain coupling system of engine, electric motor and the storage battery. The optimization matching, the modeling simulation and the experiment have been carried out. The article proposes a new multipurpose design and development plan on the powertrain coupling system in electric and HEV for ATVs. It introduces a new transmission system based on few- tooth - deference planetary gear powertrain coupling system with biased bent shaft (FPS), which have been applied in powertrain coupling system of the multipurpose light electric and HEV for ATV. The research results show that the proposed FPS meets the performance requirement for entire vehicle (ATV), especially in regard infinitely variable speed. The method and the obtained result provide the basis design theory for the low-speed vehicles (that is, agricultural vehicles) and multipurpose light electric and HEVs. The technology has been applied to ATVs in Ningbo Saiting Electric Bicycle Science & Technology CO., LTD, and is applying for nation invention patent."
 In this paper we focus on the technique to construct and visualize the individual tooth model from CT image sequences for dental diagnosis and treatment. For CT images the teeth are touched with each other in some slices. We have to find the individual region for each tooth and separate two teeth if they are touched together. We propose method based on the distinguish feature of oral cavity structure. We utilize the full 3D data instead of 2D projections which may lose some information. We firstly separate upper and lower tooth regions and then fit the dental arch using fourth order polynomial curves after a series of morphological operations. We assume that there exists a plane separating two adjacent teeth in 3D space. In this plane the integral intensity value reaches minimum. Along each arch point we obtain a plane and calculate the integral intensity. We use these values to draw a profile and by analyzing all the local minima we get the separating point and the position of the separating plane. The information for the tooth region can guide us to segment the individual both tooth contours in 2D and tooth surface in 3D space. Experiments for both separation and visualization of each tooth verify our method is automatic and robust.
" In this paper, we propose improved Difference Image Entropy (herein after, DIE)-based teeth recognition system and input image selection method. The DIE estimation module computes the DIE coefficient reflecting histogram levels have peak positions from -255 to +255, after obtains gray scaled-difference image from input teeth image and average teeth image on random-collected reference images. For performance evaluation of DIE-based teeth image recognition system including in-put image selection method, we implemented individual teeth images-based teeth image recognition system using K-NN with PCA and 2D-DCT-based EHMM pattern recognition algorithms, and then they are coupled with suggested DIE-based in-put image selection method. After that we inspect availability and validity of the application by various experiments using DIE threshold values from 6.9 to 7.3 for suitable teeth image selection. In experimental results, the suggested teeth recognition system shows approximately from 3% to 15% improved recognition performance than traditional image-based biometric algorithms / methods."
" Mobile devices such as smart-phone, PDA and mobile-phone are vulnerable to theft and loss due to their small size and the characteristics of the environments in which they are used. A simple and convenient authentication system is required to protect private information stored in the mobile device. Therefore, we propose a new multimodal biometric authentication approach using teeth image and voice as biometric traits in this paper. The individual matching scores obtained from the teeth image and voice are combined using a weighted-summation operation, and the fused-score is utilized to classify an unknown user into the acceptance or rejection. The proposed method is evaluated using 1000 teeth images and voices, in which these are collected by smart-phone, i.e., one mobile device for 50 subjects. In the experiment results, the proposed method has an EER of 2.13%, and we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method."
" A simple analytical method is developed for determining the optimal combination of stator pole and rotor pole numbers for a multi-tooth flux-switching permanent magnet (FSPM) machine, and the optimal design of the stator teeth for maximum torque. In addition, the rotor pole width and the split ratio are optimized by finite element analysis. The optimized multi-tooth FSPM machine exhibits a significantly higher torque capability and requires a significantly lower volume of magnet material than a conventional FSPM machine. The performance of the proposed multi-tooth FSPM machine is validated experimentally."
" The transverse flux machine (TFM) is a promising driving machine, especially for the low-speed applications, because it has greater power density, torque, and efficiency than the conventional electrical motors. However, the TFM has a complicated structure, a large torque ripple, and, occasionally, an unbalanced magnetic force. This paper investigates the effects of teeth geometry on torque ripple and unbalanced magnetic force in a rotatory two-phase TFM using the 3-D finite element method, and proposes a rotatory two-phase TFM with herringbone teeth to reduce the torque ripple and eliminate the unbalanced magnetic force."
" A three-phase, multi-tooth flux-switching permanent magnet brushless ac machine is analyzed, its electromagnetic performance, viz., the phase flux-linkage and back-EMF waveforms, the self- and mutual-inductances, the cogging torque, the electromagnetic torque, and the torque-current characteristic, are predicted by 2-D and 3-D finite-element analyses and validated experimentally. Compared with a conventional flux-switching machine, a multi-tooth machine requires a significantly smaller volume of magnet material, since only half the number of permanent magnets is required, and it exhibits a higher torque density at low excitation currents as well as a lower torque ripple. However, since it saturates more quickly as the current is increased due to the higher armature reaction, and at very high electric loadings its torque capability is lower than that of a conventional flux-switching machine."
 We focus on the technique to construct and visualize the individual tooth model from CT image sequences for dental diagnosis and treatment. One challenging problem for dental CT images is that tooth crown regions are touching with other teeth in some slices. The common boundary for two adjacent teeth is missing. We propose a coupled variational level set method with region competition of two adjacent teeth to generate the virtual common boundary for them. Moreover the tooth region presents un-uniform intensity level and leads to the suspicious inner edges. We use the normal direction of the evolving contour and the gradient direction of the image to determine true or false outer boundaries and remove the suspicious inner edges. Finally we use the similar tooth shape feature from the CT image sequences to segment out all the tooth contours in different slices starting from the specified initial slice and initial contours. Both segmentation result in 2D images and visualization of each individual tooth model in 3D space verify our method.
" As for I-shaped profile steel, the flat web is replaced with corrugated web that makes the profile steel have predominant mechanical properties. The key technique of the hot rolling of I-shaped profile steel with wholly corrugated web is the profile design for the tooth-shape rolls of universal finishing stand. Being based on the condition of stabilized rolling and the relationship between corrugated web’s shape and the profile curve of rolls, in this paper, the profile curves of tooth-shape rolls are designed. The model of the rolls is constructed according to the curves’ equations. The rolling product can prove that the curves’ equations are correct."
" A performance simulation program of hypoid gears that can accept measured form deviation of real tooth flank form is developed and gear dynamic performance such as transmission error, contact pattern under load and no-load, normal load distribution on tooth flank, tooth contact stress, tooth root stress, flash temperature, vibrational excitation for actual production gears can be simulated. In this simulation program, a new method has been proposed to determine the reference surface for the tooth contact analysis of bevel and hypoid gears. The gear reference surface use the theoretical tooth flank coordinate calculated from the machine settings and the pinion reference surface use a virtual conjugate pinion surface. The concept of composite error surface has been introduced by using conjugate reference surface and measured real tooth flank form. The deformation of tooth and rim of hypoid gears calculated by FEA, and the approximation equation for the compliance of cylindrical involute gear tooth is modified to that of hypoid gear tooth. The results of loaded contact pattern calculated by simulation program were also compared with the experimental results and showed good agreement."
" The no-load electromagnetic field of the synchronous generator by the third harmonic excitation is calculated to grasp exactly the match of the third harmonic windings voltage with excitation system, and the third harmonic windings no-load voltage is calculated using tooth flux method, the validation of this method are verified by the comparison of the calculation results and the experiment results on a third harmonic excitation synchronous generator. Based on the method, some main factors that affect the third harmonic no-load electromagnetic field of the synchronous generators by the third harmonic excitation is analyzed, and some useful conclusions, which guide the design for the third harmonic excitation synchronous generators, are gained."
" The calculation method of the no-load and on-load characteristic of reluctance brushless doubly-fed machine (RBDFM )is proposed based on tooth flux calculation. The tooth flux of RBDFM can be obtained by infinite-element calculation, and then the voltage value and waveform can be accurately calculated by the tooth flux value. The effects of the magnetic circuit geometry, saliency, saturation, winding layouts, and slotting are included. The characteristic and voltage waveform of RBDFM has been analyzed and improving method has been discussed."
" The calculation method of the no-load and on-load windings voltage of PMSG is proposed based on tooth flux method. This method takes the actual shape of poles and slots and the non-linearity of iron and permanent magnetic material into account. The results of computation and experiments on a PMSG show that tooth flux method is accurate. By use of this method, the values and waveforms of winding voltage for PMSG can be calculated accurately and quickly which can be effectively used to study the external characteristics of PM electrical machine."
" This paper introduces the production of 3D virtual clinic to help dentists in their treatment. To achieve this goal, different scientific areas are integrated such as: computer graphics, pattern recognition, computer vision, information technology and finite element machine (FEM). The proposed system includes the following tools; patient information system, automatic 2-D cephalometrics, 3-D cephalometrics, 3-D visualization, surgical planning, 3-D registration, soft tissue simulation, pre and post treatment analysis, etc. Acquisition of the 3D virtual model of the patient is the foundation of this work. The CT slides of the patient's head (soft and hard tissues) are collected in a DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communication in Medicine) format. These slides are then compiled to build up the patient's 3D model. Using ray-casting volume rendering technique, a digital computer based 3D replica is built. The theme also includes the detection of defective skeletal and dental areas by applying the appropriate diagnostic procedures. Based upon the diagnostic outcome, the necessary changes are executed; manipulation of the virtual 3D image and evaluation of the final result after rectification will be possible."
" Motion control applications often demand fast operation times and high accuracy at the same time. Finding the optimal solution between these demands can be sometimes difficult. A linear tooth belt drive offers inexpensive, fast, and relatively accurate solution for motion control demands. However, if the best possible accuracy and highest speeds must be reached, the control designer should be well aware of the non-linearities and control limitations of the system."
" Principle and arithmetic of rotary machine torque measurement using virtual instrument technology are researched in this paper. A new method about torque measure with frequency tracing based on phase difference is presented. Part noise component are separated effectively from useful signal using self characteristic of correlation and sine function. Random disturbance immunity and measurement accuracy are enhanced. Applying generalized forecast method, make sampling frequency tracing frequency variety of measured signal, complete alternation sampling is completed and measurement precision can be guaranteed. A new torque revolution measuring instrument with VI technology is designed which has the advantage of self defining, powerful data processing ability and easily embedded digital compensation to realize automation measurement of torque and power of swing movable teeth transmission."
" The operational performance of gears regarding smoothness, quietness, wear and life span is largely affected by how gear and pinion teeth make contact. And the geometric characteristic of teeth profile plays a very important role in influencing contact condition during gear transmission. For a nominal involute gear pairs, load concentration on the conjugated teeth would be generated inevitably under the deflection and inclination of gear pairs arising from topological modification of teeth, manufacturing errors, shaft misalignments and elastic deflections of the conjugated teeth and support of structure of the gear pair when it is under load. In this paper, a kind of modification of teeth profile, crowned teeth, is presented and analyzed by using ANASYS. This work was directed towards investigating the inherent characteristics of drum-shaped size and stress on the conjugated teeth. Analytic results are presented to demonstrate the better performance of crown gear under heavy load in gear transmission and the relationship between drum-shaped size design and load."
" We propose a dental classification system to effectively classify molar teeth from premolar teeth in dental bitewing radiographs. Our system includes a novel image enhancement method that combines homomorphic filtering to reduce the uneven exposure problem, and both adaptive contrast stretching and adaptive morphological transformations to accentuate the texture of gums and pulps. We also propose using relative length/width ratios of both boundaries of a complete tooth and a pulp, as well as the relative crown size as three features for SVM classifier. The experimental results show that our classification system can classify both molars and premolars in both maxilla and mandible with an accuracy rate of 93.9%, 95.7%, 98.6%, and 91.9%, respectively from 45 dental bitewing images. The results also show that our system correctly classifies two images that were reported misclassified and has higher premolar classification rates in both jaws than the methods presented in a published article."
 Effects of irradiating dental hard tissue with an ultrashort pulsetrain-burst (>100 MHz) laser are studied. The ablation rate is investigated as a function of the pulsetrain duration. Material modification is characterized using micro-Raman spectroscopy.
" Nonlinear characteristics always exist in mechanical systems, in particular, if faults occur in mechanical systems. Therefore the nonlinear component may be used to identify the faults. The primary goal of this paper was to exact the feature of gear tooth crack by means of the method of surrogate data from nonlinear dynamics using real vibration signal measured on a gear test device. Surrogate data were generated from a simpler linear model and had similar statistical characteristics with the original data. The mutual information was applied as the statistic to determine if the original data were significantly different from its surrogates. The vibration signal was divided into several sections. Each section's failure may be identified through computing surrogates significant levels. The results showed that the different gear running states had different significant levels of surrogate data, and the changes of running states had the same trend with the increase process of gear crack. It was concluded that the significant level could be used as the numerical basis for fault diagnosis and gear case analysis, which was conducive to the further analyze the fault development."
" Cogging torque reduction is one of the most important requirements in the design of BLDC motors due to its direct impact on the performance of the motor. In this paper, the influences of tooth width and slot/pole match on cogging torque corresponding to both uniformed teeth and nonuniformed teeth were theoretically analyzed on the basis of analytical expressions of cogging torque deduced with energy method. Furthermore, several models which denote features of different slots and poles were setup and calculated in finite element analysis software Flux2D, the result of which verified the theoretical analysis. Valuable conclusions and some suggestions were given in the paper which is meaningful to the design of good performance BLDC motors."
" Electrical power generation plays an important role in maritime vessels. This power is usually provided by a multi-component system where the generation begins with the rotational movement of a prime mover, usually and internal combustion engine, an electric generator and an assortment of power electronic components to process and regulate electrical energy. Due to the requirements of the application, i.e. power-on-demand to reduce fuel consumption and increase user comfort, all components need to be adapted to perform efficiently within a wide range of output power levels. For such a purpose a variable speed permanent magnet generator (VSPMG) is presented as a solution that fulfills most of the requirements of the power generation stage. However, the design of such of generator is a long process where multiple variables intervene. The following paper deals with a rapid modelling and design tool that helps evaluate a VSPMG with concentrated windings in a quick, and relatively accurate, manner. This tool can be used to obtain a first draft design that can be perfected after further analysis. Analytical equations and experimental data are presented for validation. A simplified thermal model is also presented with the corresponding experimental counterpart. Finally, conclusions are given and next steps are suggested."
 This paper presents a model for estimating the iron losses in the stator teeth tips of surface permanent magnet (SPM) machines with fractional-slot concentrated windings based on simplified semi-analytical solutions for the machine flux densities. This model is being developed for use in machine design optimization software that analyzes very large numbers of candidate designs. Tooth tip design details are important because a significant fraction of the total stator iron losses is concentrated in these structures during high-speed operation. The first model in this paper focuses on closed-form solutions for no-load operation. It is shown that the simplified model can estimate the stator losses predicted by finite element (FE) analysis within 15% while consuming less than 0.1% of the calculation time required for FE analysis. Armature reaction is included by means of conformal mapping analysis that makes it possible to predict the tooth-tip losses during loaded operation within 15% of the FE results.
" The results of an extended field weakening and overloading test for two high-torque density permanent magnet (PM) motors with concentrated stator windings are presented in this paper. The two 45 kW motors were designed for continuous rated power of 45 kW between the rated speed of 1000 min
-1
 and the maximum speed of 5000 min
-1
. The concentrated stator winding determines a high harmonics content of the air gap field, thus segmented magnets were used for the rotor in order to reduce the rotor eddy current losses. The water jacket cooling of the stator gives at rated operation a thermal reserve of 30 K at 1000 min-1 to the Thermal Class F limit temperature for the first motor. Thus it is possible to increase the power for the rated speed up to 55.2 kW. The motor has due to the relatively high inductance a good field weakening capability. The measurements confirmed that the field weakening can be extended up to 5 times the rated speed with constant output power of 45 kW. The loss calculation is presented and the calculation results are compared with the measurement results."
" The micropumps with the novel saw-tooth microchannels and the traditional diffuser microchannels have been fabricated. The PDMS-glass-silicon-PDMS structure of the micropumps look like a sandwitch. The pump body based on the silicon wafer has been produced through the advanced microfabrication technique. The sealing between the silicon and the glass wafer by anodic bonding technology has been carried out, the irreversible sealing between the PDMS and glass, the silicon and PDMS by UV irradiation have been adopted. Finally, the maximum pressure head (MPH) and the maximum flow rate (MFR) of the two micropumps have been tested with different driving voltages and frequencies under sine, square and ramp signals. The results show that the MPH and MFR value increased along with the driving voltage under some frequency, and the effects of the sine wave driving are prior to other waves. The performance of the micropump with the novel saw-tooth microchannels has been enhanced greatly compared to the traditional diffuser micropump. Through experimental results measured the maximum value of MFR and MPH at two specific frequencies by driving micropump with 100 V p-p are 63.6 ¿l/min at 200 Hz and 1328.8 Pa at 200 Hz for the saw-tooth micropump under the sine signal driving, and 45.1 ¿l/min at 60 Hz and 681 Pa at 60 Hz for the traditional diffuser micropump under the square signal driving."
" Tooth bleaching is receiving an increasing interest by patients and dentists since it is a relatively non-invasive approach for whitening and lightening teeth. Instrument designed for tooth color measurements and visual assessment with commercial shade guides are nowadays used to evaluate the tooth color. However, the degree of color change after tooth bleaching varied substantially among studies and currently, there are no objective guidelines to predict the effectiveness of a tooth bleaching treatment. Fuzzy logic is a well known paradigm for data modelling; their main advantage is their ability to provide an interpretable set of rules that can be later used by the scientists. However these models have the problem that the global approximation optimization can lead to a deficient rule local modelling. This work proposes a modified fuzzy model that performs a simultaneous global and local modelling. This property is reached thanks to a special partitioning of the input space in the fuzzy system. The proposed approach is used to approximate a set of color measurements taken after a bleaching treatment using the pre-bleaching measurements. The system uses as rule antecedents the colorimetric values of the VITA commercial shade guide. The expected post-bleaching colorimetric values are immediately obtained from the local models (rules) of the system thanks to the proposed modified fuzzy model. Additionally, these post-bleaching CIELAB coordinate values have been associated with VITA shades through the evaluation of their respective membership functions, approximating which VITA shades are expected after the treatment for each pre-bleaching VITA shade."
" A practical testbed that can help study the dynamic analysis results of self aligning pinion system is presented in this paper. This testbed serves as an auxiliary mechanism for the final pinion self aligning system which could relief vibration, impact and so on other problems during low speed and heavy load transmission. The dynamic performance of this gear system is analysed in this paper. Besides, the relationship between stress and stain under different flexible rotation angle is also presented. Finally, practical analysis results are educed, which can provide theoretical basis to select and optimize design parameters of this device."
" Based on the analysis of the path planning for tooth movement in virtual orthodontics treatment system, the objective of path planning and the constraints of tooth moving was proposed, and a mathematical model was established. The genetic algorithm was selected to solve the path planning for tooth movement. The fitness function was defined as the weighted sum of the motion distance, the rotation angle and a value related with the constraints of tooth movement. Roulette wheel selection operator, one-point crossover operator and simple mutation operator was defined. Based on the model and method, a software is developed by using Visual C++ and OpenGL for the path planning of tooth movement. Experiments show that the model and the method are reliable and effective."
" In the paper the characteristic of no-load and on-load voltage of hybrid poles permanent magnet generator is calculated and analyzed using tooth flux method. Harmonic excitation and the non-linearity of generator are taken into account basing on FEM in the method. The value and waveforms of the voltage can be calculated accurately by using the method. In the paper not only is the result of no-load and on-load voltage of Hybrid poles Permanent Magnet Generator calculated, also the diversified factors affecting the performance of the Generator are analyzed. A good method is supplied to design the Generator."
" A tooth-whitening process using hydrogen peroxide (H
2
O
2
) enhanced by a direct-current cold atmospheric-pressure plasma microjet (PMJ) is presented. Compared with the conventional clinical method of using H
2
O
2
 alone, a significant improvement of the tooth-whitening process was observed when the PMJ was used in the process. The tooth-surface temperature was monitored for safety considerations and did not exceed 37°C at a distance of 1 cm between the exit nozzle of the plasma source and the tooth for a treatment time of 20 min. No apparent differences in the tooth-surface morphology and microhardness were observed between teeth treated with and without the PMJ. The use of the PMJ with H
2
O
2
 resulted in an enhanced production of reactive hydroxyl (OH) radicals. This plasma-enhanced tooth-whitening method may be a promising new method for clinical applications."
" Automating the process of postmortem identification of deceased individuals based on dental characteristics is receiving increased attention. With the large number of victims encountered in mass disasters (e.g., Asian tsunami), automating the identification process would enhance the scalability of this biometric. However, archiving and retrieving dental records from large databases is a challenging task and has received inadequate attention in the literature. This paper concerns itself with the task of efficient fast retrieving dental records from a database in order to assist the forensic expert in identifying deceased individuals in a rapid manner. The proposed method is an appearance-based technique that consolidates the evidence presented by individual teeth in a dental record, i.e., it `moves' from tooth-to-tooth in order to render a record-to-record matching score. The proposed method is shown to reduce the searching time of record-to-record matching by a factor of hundred. Experimental results indicate that the proposed approach requires significantly less time compared to the other approaches suggested in the literature thereby underscoring its relevance in real-time applications."
" Ultrasound is a well-established tool for medical imaging but it has yet to emerge in routine use in dental diagnostics. Nevertheless, it was shown in the late 1970s that ultrasound can be used to probe the internal structures of teeth, and more recently to observe surface changes due to caries and acid erosion."
" Study of a novel design miniature linear piezoelectric motor is proposed in the paper. Size of the motor not exceeds 150 mm
3
. Piezoelectric motor consists of ¿butterfly¿ type actuator and slider. Elliptical trajectory of the actuator is achieved using bending oscillations of the plates of actuator when harmonic or short impulse type excitation is used. Contact zone trajectory of motion is analyzed for both type of excitation. Advantages of impulse type excitation are simpler electric circuit scheme, lesser dependence between the rotor torque and excitation frequency. It allows increasing torque of the rotor without increasing dimensions and mass of the actuator. Numerical modeling of the piezoelectric motor was done to analyze natural frequencies, modal shapes of the actuator and to examine actuator response to the harmonic and impulse type excitation. Experimental prototype of the piezoelectric motor was built and measurement contact zone motion was done. Results of numerical and experimental studies are discussed."
" Apprentice dentists and dental hygienists must be trained ""tooth scaling"". However most of training schools have several problems, lack of cooperative patients with calculi, a great variety of calculi. The authors have developed a simulator for the training by using a PHANToM and a video-see-through HMD in the previous paper. In this paper, visual display of the simulator is improved in streoscopic. Then the training effectiveness has been evaluated based on difference between operation force by veterans and that by beginners. The result shows the developed simulator is effective, and the teaching function of the simulator contributes to training effect, whereas the stereo vision without the teaching function doesn't contribute so much."
" In direct-drive electric propulsion systems, where there is no reduction gear to minimize and absorb the adverse effects of cogging torque generated by the permanent-magnet (PM) machine, minimization of cogging torque generation is of particular importance. In this paper, a novel axial pole-pairing method is proposed to minimize cogging torque generation in a special three-phase outer-rotor PM brushless machine, which uses uneven stator poles to enhance back electromotive force (EMF). Analytical formulas of the machine's cogging torque are first derived. The new technique is compared with conventional cogging torque suppression methods by means of analytical models and comprehensive finite-element analysis (FEA). The FEA results show that the new method not only achieves effective cogging torque reduction, but also results in improved harmonic content of the back EMF. The validity of the FEA model is verified by experimental results from the prototype machines. Finally, the significance of optimizing both the load-independent machine design techniques and load-dependent driving techniques to achieve overall torque ripple minimization is discussed."
" A computer aided orthodontic treatment system-an interactive system for three-dimensional (3D) orthodontic treatment is developed. It consists of three main components as follows: the first part is 3D laser scanner developed independently, which digitizes plaster dental model into STL format; the second one is the interactive virtual segmentation software based on curvature estimation and vector optimization, which separates individual teeth from the STL model; and the third part is translation and rotation software with the function of rearranging the segmented teeth to align with standard arch curves. The results show that the 3D aided orthodontic treatment system can be considered as a guideline of treatment preview for the patients. It is also a training tool for orthodontists, residents and students to enhance the experience through simulation before taking actual orthodontic planning."
" Take straight-tooth bevel gear as the research object, parametric design is made to the straight-tooth bevel gear by using of three-dimensional software Pro/Engineer through analyzing the relationship between every parameter of the straight-tooth bevel gear. The straight-tooth bevel gear after parameterization can be driven and quickly get different parameters bevel gear parts through changing all the appropriate parameters, which reflects the advantages of fast parametric design. As well as the rapid prototyping for straight-tooth bevel gear is manufactured, which rapid prototyping could provide macro-level model for companies in product pre-appraisal and reduce the cost & cycle in designing and manufacturing new product."
" This paper presents a new type for detection of spiral bevel gears by using machine vision technology. It is a high efficiency, high precision and non-contact detection system. The concrete method is shown as follows: Cameras were calibrated with improved Tsai two-step method. Then, the two cameras in two different orientations taken gear images. After matching the two images robustly, using correspondence between image feature points and imaging geometry to solve the three-dimensional coordinates of feature points. Finally, recognize tooth profile in contrast deal tooth data."
"Publisher: 
IEEE







Cite This
Cite This








PDF"
"Publisher: 
IEEE







Cite This
Cite This








PDF"
" The mechanism of internal parallel move gears transmission, classified as the transmission of planet gear with a small teeth difference, has been developed as a new type of mechanical transmission on the principle of parallelogram mechanism as well as on the theoretical basis of planetary gear train. This mechanism can be widely applied in many fields, such as vehicle engineering, mine and metallurgy, heavy equipment, traffic transportation, machine tool industry, crane transportation and military equipment, etc, superseding cylindrical gear transmission and worm gear transmission. So, there are good prospects for the development of internal parallel move gears transmission. However, the current design and seriation work has been done only through the simple analogy, lacking the reliable theory and practical applied datas because of its short history. Therefore, the study of the design variables is of great significance to the research and seriation of the internal parallel move gears transmission. This paper discusses the relationships of modification coefficient, meshing angle, contact ratio and the interference coefficient of teeth profile. According to the actual examples of the design of internal parallel move gears transmission, the paper describes their relationships by means of figures and function equations and offers some empirical parameters for the design of internal parallel move gears transmission for reference."
" In this paper, the single-side asymmetry cycloid-pin-tooth arc rotor of compressor is studied. It analyses the Curve equation of single-side asymmetry cycloid-pin-tooth arc rotor of compressor. Meanwhile it carries on the parametric designs of the single-side asymmetry cycloid- pin-tooth arc rotor of compressor under Visual C++ development environment. The parametric modeling for rotor is implemented by Pro/e and the application program is written by Pro/TOOLKIT at the same time. The new model of compressor rotor is regenerated through inputting main parameters directly in man-machine conversation dialog box. Thus it can improve design efficiency of compressor rotor, and it will shorten the development cycle of production and reduce the designer's repeated work."
" Involute X-gear pairs with tooth modification are widely applied in many fields since they can increase the gear strength, improve the transmission quality, and obtain the large technical and economic benefits. A new method for creating their accurate 3-D parameterized models is developed in this paper. Using this method, the accurate 3-D parameterized model of a gear pair is created and its 3-D finite element contact analysis is performed. Analysis results state that the modeling method developed in this paper is simple and correct. Thus, for the involute x-gear pairs with tooth modification, the new modeling method simplifies their design procedure and lays the basis for their fine research of CAE/CAM and the optimization design."
" The tooth contact parameters such as lubrication angle, induced normal curvature, entrainment velocity, et al. of the nonbacklash double-roller enveloping hourglass worm gearing and influencing factors are studied systematically. The averages of the lubrication angle, the induced normal curvature, the entrainment velocity and the roller's rotation angle which located on a number of mesh lines are taken as meshing performance index. Based on numerical computation, the influences of the roller radius, the roller installation offset distance, the throat diameter coefficient and the drive center distance on the tooth contact parameters of the non-backlash double-roller enveloping hourglass worm gearing are described by using the contours. The results show that a superior performance worm gear can be obtained by choosing rationally geometry parameters when the center distance is between 250~450mm."
" Location and speed detection (LSD) is one of the key technologies of high speed maglev train. The traction system needs precise location and speed information to carry out the traction task of the train normally and reliably. Firstly, several conventional location and speed detection methods are introduced. And then, the method based on the tooth and slots of long stator is analyzed in detail. At last, a switch scheme is proposed to solve the long stator joint problem, the validity of which is proved by experiment."
 This study presents the removal algorithm of specular reflections in a tooth color image to eliminate the specularities which degrades the performance of color image segmentation algorithms. Our proposed methodology includes two tasks: (i) automated detection of specular reflections by Perceptron neural nets and (ii) recursive corrections of the specularities by applying a smoothing spatial filter on the target pixels (specular regions) based on the decision of Perceptron.
" This paper presents the computerized segmentation algorithm on the 3D digital dental model for separating individual tooth using Borland C++ Builder
®
 and OpenGL. The purpose is to apply the algorithm in the 3D orthodontic diagnosis and treatment software package. The method consists of 5 main steps as follows. First the digital dental model is produced by 3D scanner in STL format and the occlusal plane is calculated. Second the arch form of the model is approximated. Third the panoramic of the dental cast in 3D system is constructed. Fourth, the 3D-panoramic is converted to 2D system to find the cutting points for segmentation of individual tooth, and finally the 2D image is converted back to 3D system for creating the vertical plane for separating teeth into difference colors at the cutting points. The result has shown that the 3D digital dental model can be segmented for separating individual tooth, and the algorithm is ready to apply in orthodontic diagnosis and treatment software package."
" Based on mathematical modeling of the principle of tapping with modified-tooth tap, the results of 2D simulation have been obtained, establishing 3D solid structure model of modified-tooth tap, simulating the actual manufacturing conditions in software of Solidworks, thus proving the possibility of tapping the thread of standard tooth profile angle with the modified-tooth tap of which the thread tooth profile angle is less than that of standard tap."
" Biological fermentation process is a non-linear, multi-variable, strong coupling and dynamic complex system. An embedded control system is designed based on ARM9, hardware used Samsung S3C2410 chip, the software used core portable Linux. PC using C++ programming. PC and ARM9 get the data from blue-tooth wireless communications. The experiments show that system is stable and reliable, without manual intervention in the case automatically to complete the multi-stage fermentation tank parameters collection, processing, real-time control, print, and other functions to facilitate the realization of the fermentation process of real-time monitoring."
" The purpose of forensic dentistry is to identify individuals based on their dental characteristics. In this paper, a methodology to classify and assign numbers to teeth in bitewing dental images is presented. The goal is to using the result of this methodology in an automated dental identification system. In this way, proposed approach benefits of categorizing molar and premolar teeth and also spatial relations between teeth in jaws. The three main steps in the methodology are: 1. Deducing the exact location and size of the mesiodistal neck for each type of teeth. 2. Teeth classification using a linear model and 3. Identification of types and numbers of the missing and/or broken teeth. This methodology enables us to assign numbers to the remaining teeth using the universal number system. Experimental result obtained for this investigation on a database of 476 teeth, indicate that the proposed methodology is more advanced in neck detection, teeth classification and numbering, broken teeth detection, identification of the number and type of missing teeth in comparison with some previously published work."
" A new theory of gearing: high order contact meshing theory of gearing is presented in this paper. We believe that this kind of gear profile is most suitable in both the contact and bending fatigue strength. From careful analysis and deep going investigation, we think that it is the profile of equal conjugate curvature with high order of contact, and analyzed the forming principle of this kind of profile. In this paper our aim is to deduce the theory to form this kind of profile, and produce the proto type of reducer of this kind of spiral bevel gear."
" This paper researched the forming theory of the cutting tools with helical teeth and complex surfaces. Deduced the nonlinear equations of the movement of NC system to generate such tools, presented the way to find the solution of the equations, calculated the cross section graphics of the teeth profile and computer simulation of NC machining."
" Most software systems for oral implantology are based on a multiview approach and often accompanied with a 3-D rendered model. A more integrated and realistic 3-D approach for implant surgery-also guaranteeing correctness in measures-is desirable to gain a deep and sure knowledge of the patient's anatomy before inserting the implants, thus reducing the risk of damaging surrounding structures. We present a 3-D software system where computer graphic techniques have been used to create a smooth and user-friendly 3-D environment to work upon for oral implant planning and simulation. Interpolation of the axial slices is used to produce a continuous radiographic volume and get an isotropic voxel to achieve a correct work context. Freedom of choosing, arbitrarily, during the planning phase, the best cross-sectional plane for achieving correct measurements is obtained through interpolation and texture generation. Correct orientation of the planned implants is also easily computed by exploiting a radiological mask with radio-opaque markers, which is worn by the patient during the computed tomography (CT) scan. Measurement precision was validated considering different scans of a dried human partially edentulous mandible, which was scanned several times, with different angular orientations. The achieved precision (from 0.14% to 0.84% of the absolute value of error) outperforms that using usual DentaScan multiview approaches, and it is even better than the precision previously obtained by the DentalVox tool."
" We propose an alternative approach for time interpolation of (Time to Digital Convertor)TDC in which a saw-tooth wave is generated instead of using sinusoidal wave in [10]. The proposed method avoids floating number operation for runtime as well as lowers the temperature variation caused by analog passive components. Since the differential portion of two projected signals is amplified, the wider range of time interval can be measured while preserving a few picoseconds resolution. Compared with the conventional analog interpolation, the proposed method using saw-tooth wave overcomes the drawbacks of conventional analog interpolation TDC by reducing the dependency on passive components which are sensitive to environment and operational conditions. It provides high repeatability and linearity property within a wide range of operation with high resolution of measurement. With the aid of proposed interpolation circuit, a practical TDC and its embedded measurement system are expected to be implemented. The experiment results demonstrate its feasibility and effectiveness for practical usage with a simple and low cost implementation."
" We reported in this paper the tooth-whitening effect by a direct-current cold atmospheric-pressure air plasma microjet (PMJ) and saline solution (0.9%). All teeth were randomly divided into three groups, treated for 20 min with an air blow and saline solution, a PMJ and saline solution, and 35% hydrogen peroxide gel, respectively. Compared with the other groups, the teeth treated with the PMJ and saline solution showed the best tooth-whitening effect. The microhardness of the tooth enamel measurement showed no apparent differences among the three groups. A minor enamel surface morphological change was observed via SEM but was considered acceptable. Singlet oxygen (
1
O
2
) and hydroxyl (*OH) radicals were detected by electron spin resonance spectroscopy. Atomic oxygen (O) was observed in the optical emission spectra of the PMJ. 
1
O
2
, *OH, and O were considered to be the key agents during the tooth-whitening process. This novel method of tooth whitening has the potential to revolutionize the clinical tooth-whitening procedure."
" This paper presents a new method based on template recognition and fuzzy recognization. HDM (Hybrid Differential Method) is used to locate the teeth area from a face image, and fuzzy recognition is used to decide if a new teeth image belongs to the face image. 5-6 times of training is done to build up teeth feature set. A relative simple tooth feature-the lower part width of central incisor and their relative ratio are adopted as the indicators for locating a baseline. Totally 4 teeth are considered here as the identification targets. The intersections of these 4 incisors with the baseline are calculated and used as the major features of a person's teeth. Experimental membership function and weight factor are used teeth image is preprocessed to get its configuration and to facilitate the Matlab auto calculation. Three groups of experiment samples are presented here and results are satisfied."
" The ability to provide a complete and reliable patient dental records is considered as a vital factor in the continuing efforts towards a more effective, patient-centered dental care. Current dental practices, which make use of pictographic symbols and codes, differ among practicing dentists and these may lead to miscommunication and visual interactivity. The system proposed here is an interactive, visual dental charting system intended as an alternative means to the commonly practiced paper-based dental data capturing local dental clinics. The rationale behind the design of the charting system lies on the interactive mapping between the dental charts and the patient dental records. It does not only offer quick-to-comprehend, user-friendly interfaces, but also reduces miscommunication between dentists and dental assistants. It will affect positively the accessibility, reliability and consistency of the patient dental data through interactive manipulation and query by the dentists."
" The existence of severe mechanical malfunctions and the appearance of mechanical vibrations due to these malfunctions is very critical especially for a high power electromechanical system working in an industrial environment. The reliable diagnosis and the early fixing of these malfunctions is authoritative concerning the demands of the industry. Such a critical electromechanical system for the cement industry is the rotary kiln. In this paper, the mechanical model of the rotary kiln drive as well as the development of an appropriate laboratory simulating system in order to examine the effects of gear backlash phenomena appearing in a cement kiln rotated by a dual ac drive are presented."
" Flux-switching machines are attracting interest among researchers over the last decade due to the increased importance of energy efficient systems. Among this class of machines, the rotary flux-switching PM machines (FSPM) with high power density are mostly analyzed by magnetic equivalent circuit (MEC) and finite element methods (FEM). In addition to those analysis techniques, this paper introduces the implementation of the tooth contour method (TCM) for the first time for a rotary FSPM. During the modeling phase, many points are revealed which are essential for the electromagnetic behavior of this unconventional machine."
" The permanent magnet synchronous machine with an external rotor is the most important device for high performance electrical drive systems in particular for hybrid electric vehicles. The paper discusses finite element analyses of such a machine with concentrated tooth coils in terms of a comparison of both Y- and Δ-connected stator windings. As the evolved electromagnetic torque is one of the most important design parameter, various ratios of tooth width and slot pitch are analyzed with the two connections of the stator winding. On the other hand, the phase voltages for various operating conditions are compared between both Y- and Δ-connected stator windings."
 Fringe projection coupled with phase map generation has been used extensively for various applications namely in quality control sector of the industrial field. A phase map is generated from a multiple fringe projected images. Many algorithms have been generated for this purpose. Here a simple three step phase-shifting is used to project the fringes and finally from these images a saw tooth fringe of a phase map is produced. Deformed area of the phase map is re-traced to its matching pixel which has been translated to a designated point due to height differences. This re-traced distance value relates to the height difference occurring of the deformed area. The experimental work done by V.Retnasamy & M.M Ratnam (2008) is further investigated for the total area rather than respective points in a computer simulated images. Multiple and various shapes of computer simulated images have been investigated for height computation.
" Discontinuity of magnetic circuit according to the end effect is generated in the PMLSM. Due to the unbalanced magnetic state, the unbalanced inductance and unbalanced back-EMF is produced. In this paper, the effects of circulating current due to the end effect are analyzed by FEA (Finite Element Analysis). By using FEA and DOE (Design of Experiment), an optimal design of the auxiliary-teeth model is carried out to decrease circulating current. And the effect of the unbalanced phase based on the auxiliary-teeth installation is considered."
" Use the chaff Strain Gages, to response the shape change caused by the different depth of the key tooth, cooperation with the servo motor and proximity switch, with the A/D convertor, processing of MCU, at least through the CAN bus send to the controller and the nest station."
" Hydroxyapatite has high affinity rate with organic substance in an oral cavity, therefore lately nano-sized hydroxyapatite is extensively researched to increase affinity to tooth and remineralization. The objective of this research is indirectly to investigate the effect of nano-hydroxyapatite on remineralization using valuation about brightness of the bovine tooth. We have designed in vitro test for this purpose. The bovine teeth are sliced into human teeth size then the baseline brightness of total 90 teeth is measured and assigned into 3 groups (30 teeth per group) by cross-matching according to the brightness. These samples were embedded into resin mold and underwent mechanical brushing during fixed schedule. The brightness of teeth are measured and compared among 3 groups. Each dentifrice used in the experiment is composed of B.S.I group (15% Calcium Carbonate, precipitated-CaCo
3
) with abrasion rate of 100, Test □ group (15% Sodium Metaphosphate, insoluble-NaPo
3
), Test □ group (15% Nano-hydroxyapate-Ca
10
(PO
4
)
6
(OH)
2
). After 10,000 strokes of mechanical brushing with each group sample teeth brightness is measured for 2
nd
 time. The teeth brightness is measured again for 3
rd
 time. We have compared with average of brightness before and after test in group and each other 3 group. The brightness of teeth was maintained in test group II, however in other group the whiteness achieved through brushing was lost (p<;;0.01). It is concluded that the dentifrice including the nanohydroxyapatite is replaced with the organic substance in enamel resulting the increase in brightness, which leads to the increase the enamel remineralization in teeth and result to decrease in caries susceptibility."
" In order to detect the corners of the teeth image, which were acquired by oral cavity endoscope, in this paper, we used the improved SUSAN corner detector algorithm. In this method, firstly, we removed the noise of the image by the morphology open operation and median filtering; secondly, we segmented the image by the threshold based on the gray value of the image; last we detected the corners of the image through the improved SUSAN corner detector algorithm. Through lots of experiments and comparing with other corner detector methods, this method can detect the corners of the teeth image effectively, which can offer some available parameters for the 3D reconstruction of the teeth."
" This paper presents the image recognition comparison between the proposed HDM (Hybrid Differential Method) and the commonly accepted PCA method. Both methods are applied to search a specific image from a bigger target picture. The results show that HDM has multiple advantages over PCA when applied to image searching, like considerably less time consumed, better recognition rate when the background or grayscale value changed. The HDM + turn point approach is proposed and will be used in the dental decision making software to do preliminary dental advising for potential patients. An image of a molar was used as an example in the paper, images are intentionally modified to test adaptability in proposed scenarios. All calculations are finished using Matlab toolbox."
" The recognition of the teeth marks on tongue pays an important role for automatic tongue diagnosis in Traditional Chinese Medicine. If the teeth marks are not obvious, it is difficult to recognize the teeth marks on tongue desirably with some popular methods directly. In order to overcome this difficulty, a method that bases improved level set method, curvature and image gradient is presented. First, the tongue boundary line is initialized in the HSV color space and a method which enhances the contrast between tongue and other parts of the tongue image is introduced. Second, a new region-based signed pressure force function is proposed, which can efficiently stop the line at weak edges. Third, we use a Gaussian filtering process to further regularize the level set function instead of reinitializing signed distance function. Finally, we propose a method which recognize the teeth marks with both line curvature and image gradient. Experiments by numerous real tongue images show desirable performances of our method."
" A virtual articulator is a system currently being developed for dentistry. It is supposed to virtually determine teeth antagonists and the occlusion surfaces between them. In contrast to state-of-the-art mechanical articulators, it should use 3D dentition models acquired with highly precise 3D scanners for this. These models, however, describe not only teeth surfaces. Neighbouring surfaces such as teethridge are also included in them. Thus, the first and unavoidable step in designing a virtual articulator is the segmentation of teeth from 3D dentition models. In this paper, we present a robust solution to this problem. First, 2D sectional images of the 3D models are generated and binarised. Second, 2D teeth outlines are estimated using active contours and summarised to 3D segmentation results. The algorithm has provided excellent experimental results and will be used in the industrial realisation of the virtual articulator."
" Accurate 3-D modeling of the human teeth helps patients avoid the discomfort of the mold process, and improves the data accuracy for oral surgeons, orthodontists and dental care personnel. Since the surface of the human tooth is almost textureless, Shape from Shading (SFS) has been successfully adopted in solving this problem. This paper evaluates 3-D tooth reconstruction using three SFS models. Based on quantitative error analysis and curvature analysis using Robust Point Matching (RPM) and visualization results, the assumption of a perspective camera projection and an Oren-Nayar reflectance model has been proved to be the most ideal for extracting crown information from an image of a human tooth. Three reconstructed teeth have been shown to demonstrate the performance of this model."
" This paper presents the image recognition results using the proposed HDM (Hybrid Differential Method) and its turn point. Derivative of HDM results are taken to analyse the point-symmetric feature of the match point. The results are discussed to determine creteria if the pattern match is found or not. The method is applied to search a specific image from a bigger target picture. The results show that HDM has multiple advantages over traditional method when applied to image searching, like considerably less time consumed, better recognition rate when the background or grayscale value changed. The HDM + turn point approach is proved to be useful in occlusal view of a teeth image. An image of a molar was used as an example in the paper, images are deformed to a certain grades to test the adaptability in proposed scenarios. All calculations are done using Matlab toolbox."
" In this paper, a wavelet-based decomposition level with scale invariant feature transform (SIFT) is proposed to solve the problem of image registration. At the highest wavelet-based pyramid level, mutual-information (MI) based registration is applied and rough similarity (linear conformal) transformation parameters are achieved. At the first wavelet-based decomposition level, SIFT-based registration technique is utilized with the aid of rough parameters obtained. To remove outliers automatically a RANdom Sample And Consensus (RANSAC) algorithm is applied. A comparison between proposed technique with three registration approaches is achieved: cross-correlation based registration, point mapping image registration, and hybrid registration technique using MI and SIFT in the spatial domain. The quality of the registration process was measured using the following criteria: normalized cross-correlation coefficient (NCCC) and percentage relative root mean square error (PRRMSE). The application of the proposed technique to dental panoramic X-ray images has shown that wavelet-based hybrid approach combining MI and SIFT operator achieves high performance registration results and can be used efficiently for registration of X-ray images."
" This research investigates the characteristics of the cogging torque in brushless DC motors due to the interaction between unevenly magnetized permanent magnet (PM) and teeth shape. The excitation frequencies of cogging torque are the harmonics of the least common multiple of the poles and slots in the brush less DC motors with the ideally magnetized PM. However, uneven magnetization of PM additionally generates the harmonics of slot number whose magnitudes are affected not only by the uneven magnetization of PM but also by the teeth shape. Effective reduction of cogging torque can be accomplished by investigating the interaction between unevenly magnetized PM and teeth shape."
" Instantaneous chip thickness during three typical end milling processes is analyzed in this paper. The tooth trajectory of a milling cutter is a combination of two motions, one is the rotation of the cutter spindle and the other is the feed motion of the cutter relative to work-piece. For simplification traditional chip thickness models always simplify the tooth trajectory as a circle to get approximate results. In this paper, modeling of true tooth trajectory in linear, arc and profile end milling processes is studied. And mathematical expresses for entry and exit angles of tooth, feed per tooth along cutter contact path are derived for undeformed chip thickness modeling. The instantaneous chip thickness of each process based on circular tooth trajectory model is analyzed as well for comparison. Cutting forces under different chip thickness models are also predicted to study the effect of tooth trajectory on milling process simulation."
" Up to now, Microdisplays are mainly used in multimedia applications or head-mounted displays. Due to their interesting properties, these displays open more and more alternative application fields, for example, in optical metrology. Projection lenses for this application area have to be specially designed, because the requirements for these systems differ completely from those for multimedia applications. The lenses must have very low geometrical image distortion and they have to be adapted to small objects and/or image distances. On the other hand, they often work with light sources with small spectral bandwidths; consequently they do not need to be corrected for chromatic aberrations. In addition, the numerical aperture (NA) has to be large enough to collect and transfer as much light as possible. Secondary the size of the projection lens has to be as small as possible to ensure compact measurement systems. All these requirements lead to a compromise in optical lens and system design. Within this paper, the development and realization of a 3D-scanner for the registration of dental surfaces directly inside the patient's mouth is presented. The advantages of such an intraoral scanning system are the reduced pain level for the patient and the absence of extensive intermediate steps. The production of prosthesis can be performed directly after measurement. Thus a quality improvement can be obtained as well as a reduction of the efforts in time and costs."
" This paper presents a fast and fully automatic hybrid image registration technique using wavelet-based hierarchical approach. At low resolution level, mutual-information (MI) based registration using similarity transformation model is performed. At high resolution level, scale invariant feature transform (SIFT) based registration is applied to accelerate registration convergence and to achieve good computational efficiency using rough parameters extracted from MI. To remove outliers automatically a RANdom Sample And Consensus (RANSAC) algorithm is applied. A comparison between proposed technique with hybrid registration approach using MI and SIFT in the spatial domain and with three wavelet-based registration techniques is achieved: point mapping registration, SIFT-based registration, and MI-based hierarchical registration. The quality of the registration process was measured using the following criteria: normalized cross-correlation coefficient (NCCC), percentage relative root mean square error (PRRMSE), and run time. The application of the selected techniques to dental panoramic X-ray images has shown that proposed wavelet-based approach combining MI, SIFT, and RANSAC algorithm gives the best results and can be used efficiently for registration of X-ray images. It gave 0.7805 NCCC, 0.1040% PRRMSE, and 22 seconds run time."
" A general mathematical model for the generated gear tooth surfaces of spiral bevel and hypoid gears is established based on the three-axis CNC bevel gear machine. According to the principle and the method for the function-oriented design of point-contact tooth surfaces, the locus of spatial tooth contact points on the tooth surface is described on the axial plane of the gear, and then the detailed formulae for the design with the generated gear are derived from the mathematical model. The mathematical model and the formulae can be used in the function-oriented design of point-contact tooth surfaces of spiral bevel and hypoid gears with the gear generated in different types on both the three-axis CNC bevel gear machine and the conventional cradle one."
" According to gear engagement theory and Principles of Modern Tribology, by example, taking the minimum integral of temperature on gear tooth face and the minimum value of the total volume of the transmission gears as the objective function, constrained multi-objective optimization is proceeded recurring to Particle Swarm Optimization, programming with MATLAB. On this basis, studying from the point of mathematical logic and physical mechanism is proceeded for the sensitivity analysis of objective function to each design variable. The results show that with module and width of gear increasing, the volume of the meshing non-symmetrical gears increases, and it is more sensitive to module comparing with width of gears, integral temperature on gear tooth face declines as each of module, width of gear, pressure angle increases, module, pressure angle and width of gear are ranged in order of the degree of sensitivity and pressure angle is the most important factor for the surface integral temperature. Reasonably increasing the pressure angle on the working profile significantly causes the gear teeth surface integral temperature decline."
" Based on the theory and method of the active design for point meshing tooth surfaces, the writer uses the advantages of convenient and flexible of tooth surfaces active design techniques to analyze the meshing action of point-contact tooth surfaces. The paper analyzes the impacts of tooth meshing in detail. It has very important guiding significance for understanding the rule of tooth surfaces meshing and the design of point-contact tooth surfaces."
" This paper has analyzed the magnetic circuit of three-phase 24-slot 20-pole fault tolerant permanent magnet machine in order to make the machine in electromechanical actuators have fault tolerant capability and large torque. It has been found that large inductance of fault-tolerant permanent magnet machine has been realized by increasing the stator tooth tip leakage inductance. Analytic expression of the tooth tip leakage inductance has been derived by using the flux tube approach. The tooth tip leakage inductance is affected by the slot and tooth dimensions. Sensitivity function of the slot and tooth dimensions has been introduced, some parameters which have remarkable influences on the machine performance have been found, and these parameters have been analyzed by using the finite element method. Finally, the selection zone of the slot and tooth dimensions has been acquired from the finite element results. Therefore, the analytic results can provide a reference for the fault tolerant permanent magnet machine optimization design."
" This paper proposed a novel method for reducing cogging torque in surface-mounted permanent-magnet (PM) motors with nonuniformly distributed teeth. In this method, the width of one tooth tip is different from that of the others while all slot openings are the same. By suitable selection of the teeth width ratio, i.e., the width ratio of the one tooth tip to others, the cogging torque can be greatly reduced. First, the analytical expression of cogging torque was deduced and used to analyze the cogging torque qualitatively. Based on the above, analytical method was proposed to determine the teeth width ratio. To determine the teeth width ratio accurately, numerical method was proposed. Calculation of cogging torque by finite element method (FEM) shows that cogging torque can be greatly reduced by teeth width ratio determined by analytical method, and the teeth width ratio determined by numerical method can reduce the cogging torque further, which proved the effectiveness of the proposed methods. At last, the influences of the stator asymmetry resulted by this method on PM motors were discussed."
" This paper focuses on the design of a pair of noncircular gears, which is used in a concept automobile steering system to make the steering meet Ackermann steering principle. Based upon Ackermann steering principle, the pitch curves of the noncircular gears are formulated. The tooth profiles, addendum and dedendum curves, and transition curves of the noncircular gears are designed. Moreover, the phenomenon of the tooth profile reflection is discussed. Three-dimensional model of the noncircular gears is developed in Pro/ENGINEER, where a motion simulation is also carried out to prove the design."
" In order to apply the Energy-absorbing Device by Cutting the Screw Thread Teeth (CST) for Automobile Collision in real car, this study conducts the matching practice with vehicle according to structural features of practical model car ZOTYE2008. The study aims to meet the requirements of collision absorption energy and overcome the deficiencies in existing research, then improve the mechanical structure and modify structural parameters, and verify the energy absorption feasibility in the process of real vehicle collision. In addition, to improve the original scheme of self-adapt energy-absorbing with dual asynchronous motors transmission depending on electronic control driving, which can make the energy absorption device achieve a single motor's synchronous transmission in practical model. The goal is to design and manufacture the energy absorption device and the transmission system matching with practical car, and to finalize sample designs, manufacture and installation."
" Laser technology was introduced in dentistry with a novel idea of overcoming some of the problems due to traditional treatment methods. After its first use in 1960s, laser technology has found its place in different aspects of dentistry field. The aim of this review is to explain laser applications and compare different types of lasers along with their advantages and disadvantages. A computer based search was done to study 135 articles in seven journals. Laser inherent properties make it the treatment of choice is some cases. Its main achievement is overcoming patient fear associated with conservative dental treatment. On the downside, cost is a big limiting factor in its use. Since the discovery of laser, its research has given different improved laser types, specialized for different targets, like new wavelength bands, maximum peak pulse energy, output power, minimum cost and maximum efficiency. Based on its development and its improved efficiency, laser technology application may revolutionize traditional dental treatment methods."
" This research investigates the characteristics of cogging torque in brushless DC motors due to the interaction between the uneven magnetization of a permanent magnet and the shape of the teeth. The excitation frequencies of the cogging torque are the harmonics of the least common multiple of the poles and slots in ideal brushless DC motors. However, this research numerically and experimentally illustrates that the uneven magnetization of a permanent magnet also generates the harmonics of slot number. Magnitudes of cogging torque are affected not only by the uneven magnetization of a permanent magnet but also by the shape of the teeth. The cogging torque can be effectively reduced by determining optimal teeth curvature once the range of uneven magnetization of permanent magnet in a brushless DC motor is identified."
" Using the plasma generated inside the root canal rather than the afterglow of the plasma will significantly improve the inactivation efficiency. In this paper, images of three kinds of atmospheric-pressure low-temperature plasma devices driven by different power supplies in the tooth root canal are reported. The images of an 
R
-needle device driven by a dc power supply inside the root canal using different gases (He, Ar, and surrounding air) are also presented."
" The flow Characteristics in vapor seal has a significant effect on the performance of vapor seal. Considering the flow field characteristics and engineering applications, the following work has been done: First, based on the theoretical analysis, the factors which have effect on sealing is found out. Second, models of the labyrinth glands with straight teeth have been established using CFD method. The full-flow simulation results are acquired. At last, the characteristics of the flow field in labyrinth glands with straight tooth have been analyzed according discharge coefficient."
" Biometric technology is used in several security applications at present. The biometric information and classification have large impact in efficiency of the application. Teeth are chosen as a characteristic for biometric system in this research since teeth are difficult to be reshaped by intent surgery like well-known features such as face, palmprint and fingerprint. In this paper, appropriate features including machine learning model for teeth recognition are proposed. The features of our system can be classified into two categories: global and local features. Global features are composed of singular values and color histogram of teeth image whilst local features are obtained from normalized teeth width. For the experiments, our proposed features are applied into a system of the multilayer perceptrons network with Levenberg-Marquart backpropagation training algorithm. The performance of our system is better than other existing techniques in terms of accuracy and false acceptance."
" Permanent magnet tubular linear motors have shown potential for use as direct drives in high precision machine tools. These devices are capable of replacing the traditional ball screw, given their ability to overcome or reduce many of the fundamental mechanical properties that limit the precision performance of the ball screw. However, given the desire from industry to increase speed and acceleration, the physical size of the motor must be minimised while maintaining high force output to increase bandwidth in high precision applications. This paper presents a new optimal tooth design to reduce the frame size of a slotted tubular linear motor. Several design aspects of the optimal tooth are considered and general solutions are derived. Data from finite element analysis and from an experimental machine is presented to validate the new designs."
 We present images of atmospheric pressure air dc discharges applied on plastic or dental (teeth) surfaces contaminated by bacterial spores (Bacillus cereus) and examine their biodecontamination effects. We found discharge regimes with good bactericidal effect and low energy requirements.
" This paper investigates the high-frequency discharging characteristics for the lithium iron phosphate battery. The investigation focuses on the effect of the high-frequency current on the dischargeable capacity of the battery. Included are the current profiles of triangle, saw-tooth, and trapezoidal waves, which are produced from commonly used DC-DC converters. Experimental results show that the discharging current with a higher frequency or a sharper uprising waveform has less dischargeable capacity. On the other hand, the converter current resonating into and out from the battery results in additional losses."
" In order to enhance the anti-collision capacity of the vehicle, the key technologies of the vehicle automatic anti collision new concept safety system has been raised, to analyze the contact-impact mechanical properties of CST, and to study CST electric controlling system which be triggered at the safety state to the braking system, and then through the prototype debugging, a anticipative effect had be gotten yet."
" Development of new high-performance transmission components contributes to upgrading of general mechanical transmission. This paper analyzes the advantages and the disadvantages of single planetary transmission, differential planetary transmission, and compound planetary transmission. Based on their advantages, a new type of vertical type reducer with small teeth difference has been designed. It combines small size, light weight, high-load capacity, high efficiency, and working smoothly."
" The virtual prototype design for a patented double ring-plate gear reducer (DRPGR) is proposed and some experimental tests are conducted. The modification coefficients of internal gearing in DRPGR are calculated with the closed-graph method followed by the determination of geometries and structure of the reducer. With virtual prototype technologies, a three dimensional solid model and two finite element model of DRPGR are developed, respectively. Based on the proposed models, a loaded tooth contact analysis (LTCA) and a modal analysis (MA) are conducted sequentially to predict stresses and natural frequencies of DRPGR. The LTCA reveals the stresses of internal gearing in DRPGR are much lower than permissible ones at rated output torque due to multi-mesh phenomenon. The MA indicates that the first order natural frequency of DRPGR is far away from resonance frequency. Following the proposed virtual prototype design rules, an experimental prototype of DRPGR is manufactured and tested. The experiments results agree well with the simulations of the proposed virtual prototype design."
" In this research, ""S"" tooth profile gearing, a novel gearing is proposed. The pinion and gear of this gearing utilize three periods of curves as tooth profile. Its tooth profile composed of convex circular-arc, involute segment and concave circular-arc. General principle of ""S"" tooth profile gearing is described in details. The mathematical models, including the equation of tooth profile and equation of tooth surface were established based on kinematic method of meshing theory. The analysis confirmed that ""S"" tooth profile gearing had higher load-carrying capacity and transmission efficiency in comparison with the involute gear."
" Based on the Free-form CNC bevel gear milling machine, the module of generated tooth surface was built, which was expressed by the functions of the rotary angle of work-piece gear, and the manufacturing theory about a new type of bevel gear was researched, which made a meaningful searching in the fields."
" This paper proposed a new computer aided parametric design (CAPD) method by which a visual and three-dimensional entity model of crushing jaw plate and tooth-shape in a jaw crusher has been achieved based on a Pro/E's function of entity model creating. Relevant explanations have particularly been present for screening of specific parameters and performing procedures of creating an entity model required by parametric design of crushing jaw plate and tooth-shape in a jaw crusher. This kind of designing method can lay a foundation of computer aided parameteric design for designing a reasonable, accurate and appropriate crushing jaw plate and tooth-shape in a jaw crusher."
" Automation measuring of root canal length is an important factor in diagnosis and treatment procedures. In this paper, a semi automatic algorithm based on morphological features for measuring the length of root canal in radiography images is proposed. In this algorithm, using the preliminary low-level image processing techniques such as histogram equalization, denoising, enhancement in spatial and frequency domains, image enhancement carried out on the dental radiography image. Then, morphological operations are used to extract the pulp of teeth in a radiography image. A perfect set of scanned dental radiography images that have been labelled by specialists are used to evaluate the proposed algorithm. The obtained results show effectiveness of the proposed algorithm in real conditions."
" In this study, we investigate the nanostructure and nano-mechanical properties of human teeth. A nano-indenter is adopted to acquire the nano-mechanical properties of teeth, while a focused ion beam system (FIB) is used to prepare high quality transmission electron microscopy specimen. For nanomechanical properties, the tooth specimens are cut into horizontal and vertical sections separately within 1mm thick. All the sections contain dentin, dentinenamel junction (DEJ) and enamel. The hardness and Young's modulus of each compartment are systematically measured, both showing an increasing trend from the dentin to the enamel. As to the preparation for transmission electronic microscope (TEM) specimen, the teeth are cut into 50 nm thickness. High resolution images and diffraction patterns reveal that dentin is poly-crystallized and present anisotropic properties."
" Based on the Free-form NC bevel gear milling machine, the module of generated tooth surface was built, which was expressed by the functions of the rotary angle of work-piece gear, the manufacturing theory about a new spiral bevel gear was researched, and the manufacturing thoughts and ways of logarithmic spiral bevel gear were presented in the end, which lays a theoretical foundation for the processing technology of such a new spiral bevel gear."
" Aiming to the problem of time-consuming and low precision of the traditional tooth-arrangement methods, a conception of a professional and miniature Cartesian coordinate type robot for tooth-arrangement was put forward in this paper. Based on the analysis of tooth-arrangement process, the design scheme of tooth-arrangement robot were determined. We also build the whole three-dimensional model of Cartesian coordinate type robot of tooth-arrangement after functional analysis of every function module of tooth-arrangement robot. Finally, the kinematics simulation analysis of robot model using ADAMS is performed, and the results indicates that it is feasible and practical to realize the scheme design and structural design of Cartesian coordinate tooth-arrangement robot."
" Oscillating-teeth end-face harmonic gear is of an advanced drive wheel suitable for large power and high transmission ratio system. It has a broad prospect of application. The paper introduces transmission types of oscillating-teeth end-face harmonic gear, and analyses different transmission types of oscillating-teeth end-face harmonic gear's meshing process, summarizes evolution of total meshing area of oscillating-teeth end-face harmonic gear's work meshing pair. This research provides a theoretical basis for further discussion to bearing capacity of oscillating-teeth end-face harmonic gear's work meshing pair."
" Since multi-scroll chaotic oscillators are known to have many challenges due to the parasitic effects in the circuit implementation, this paper analyzes their effect on the non-ideal slopes and presence of delays in the realization of the saw-tooth nonlinear function which is used to generate these oscillators. The proposed analysis and description is applicable for any comparator-based nonlinear functions, but followed by a particular dynamical multi-scroll system, which is observed to generate positive Lyapunov exponents for some regions of operation. This process helps us to get insights regarding the potential spectra limit related to a saw-tooth nonlinear function circuit."
" The stationary discontinuous armatures that are used in permanent magnet linear synchronous motors (PM-LSMs) have been proposed as a driving source for transportation systems. However, the stationary discontinuous armature PM-LSM contains the outlet edges which always exist as a result of the discontinuous arrangement of the armature. For this reason, the high alteration of the outlet edge cogging force produced between the armature's core and the mover's permanent magnet when a mover passes the boundary between the armature's installation part and non-installation part has been indicated as a problem. Therefore, we have examined the outlet edge cogging force by installing the stair-shaped auxiliary teeth at the armature's outlet edge in order to minimize the outlet edge cogging force generated when the armature is arranged discontinuously. This paper presents the results of 2-D numerical analysis by FEM of the cogging force exerted by the outlet edge."
 The paper analyzes the cleaning teeth motion flow of dentist by observing the process of cleaning teeth for the patient in the stomatology hospital with the basic industrial engineering theory and method. It studies also dentist and nurse's collaborating operation of cleaning teeth. It establishes a new cleaning teeth motion flow by optimizing and restructuring. The research indicates that comparing new cleaning teeth motion flow to the old one before improvement. The dentist's operation time is saved 25 seconds. The movement time is saved 8 seconds. The waiting time is reduced 276 seconds. The dentist and nurse's total operation time are reduced 309 seconds.
" Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) is a hereditary neurological disorder which causes muscle weakness and atrophy in limbs. Assistive devices are required by CMT sufferers to enhance their mobility. To build assistive-devices for these sufferers, it is necessary to obtain their limb size and shape in 3D. The current desirable 3D modelling accuracy to enable the construction of an orthotic device is 1-2 mm. However, it is difficult to keep a CMT sufferer still during the 3D measurement. Therefore, optical video capture systems which allow simultaneous image capture are needed. Automated 3D point cloud generation of the object surface from images using the Photomodeler commercial software requires good-quality surface texture. The objective of this research was to develop a suitable technique to enhance the skin surface texture of the patients' limb to facilitate video imaging and measurement. The results indicate that the 3D point cloud generated from dark-red colour body paint produced the least amount of data gaps when the imaging per surface is limited to two or three photographic shots."
" Two wireless communication technology standard are analyzed including the common bluetooth technology and IEEE802.1, they were compared firstly at same time in this paper. Further we analyse bluetooth protocol system structure and bluetooth protocol stack, protocol stack is the core part of bluetooth technology realization, it ensures the connection between the device and data exchange and security. Bluetooth protocol stack adopts event-driven multithreading operation mode, the bluetooth configuration, application model configuration corresponding agreements, procedures and their combination order, so these meet the demand of equipment. Meanwhile MC and DC bluetooth communication realization process of WS-CNC are studied, the design application includes two parts, one runs in DC side, the other part of the running in MC, design the communication protocol, through experiment, obtains the DC and MC bluetooth communication results, so that realizes the important part of the flexible manufacturing unit (the workshop HMC), thus fulfilling the workshop agility, rapid organization, to better support the man-machine coordinated, effective coping workshop dynamic production environment."
" Directing to the failure of high speed gear pair, this paper investigates its failure mechanism. Based on the failure characteristics, this paper adopts the power spectrum and empirical mode decomposition to detect two types of gear tooth failures. Defects were intentionally seeded in two separate pinions to explore feasible approach to monitor the tooth condition in a high speed gear pair. The failure mechanisms, vibration mechanism of defected tooth are presented. The empirical mode decomposition is adopted to reveal the characteristics of pitting and broken tooth failure."
" The tooth surface equations of face gear were derived by coordinate transformation based on the principles of gear meshing and face gear manufacturing process. The face gear drives point contact model was constructed under the circumstances of various individual aLignment errors and coupLing aLignment errors, through numerical analysis and computer simulation, the influence of various errors of aLignment on transmission errors and the shift of bearing contact were simulated, and the corresponding contact path, contact elLipse and transmission error were obtained. Investigation has provided a theoretical reference for design of high-performance transmission, high-quaLity adjustment and installation of face gear drives."
" In this paper, we construct an S-shaped transition curve and spur gear tooth model. The attempt has been made to use the circle to circle technique an S-Shaped transition curve by using Cubic Trigonometric Bezier function (TBezier, for short) with two shape parameters . The shape parameters are used to control the S-shaped transition curves and provide the more flexibility for the interactive design. We have used two curve segments for the completion of single gear teeth instead of four curve segments. This model is the introduction of new cost effective, more economical and computationally easy a more efficient for CAD and CAE systems than ever before. The smoothness of the curve is G
2
 continuity."
" This paper proposes a new machine model, and a much more precise calculation method is adopted to calculate the characteristic of machine. The voltage regulation range of the hybrid excitation permanent magnet generator is studied by finite element method and magnetic field distribution of different stator yoke widths is calculated in this paper. In the paper the characteristic of no-load and on-load voltage of hybrid excitation permanent magnet generator is calculated and analyzed through tooth flux method. Harmonic excitation and the non-linearity of generator are taken into account basing on FEM in the method. The value and waveforms of the voltage can be calculated accurately by using this method. In the paper, not only is the result of no-load and on-load voltage of Hybrid excitation Permanent Magnet Generator calculated, also the diversified factors affecting the performance of the Generator are analyzed. Thus, a good method is supplied to design the Generator."
" This paper proposes a novel model of Surface-Inserted Permanent Magnets Synchronous Generator, which has an adjustable air slots in the rotor. It improves the Permanent Magnets Synchronous Generator's main disadvantage of difficult regulating voltage. Besides, this paper presents a new method to calculate the electromagnetic field distribution of Surface Inserted Permanent Magnets Synchronous Generator. In this method, the tooth flux of Surface-Inserted Permanent Magnets Synchronous Generator can be obtained by finite element calculation, and then the armature winding electromotive force (EMF) value and waveform can be exactly calculated. The paper simulates the permanent magnet generator which has the variable air slots by finite method, and analyzed the output voltage of air slot. This study shows that it can effectively improve the performance of permanent magnet generator because of improvement of machine structure."
" Three-dimensional geometric information of teeth is usually needed in pre- and postoperative diagnoses of orthodontic dentistry. The computerized tomography can provide comprehensive 3-D teeth geometries. However, there is still a discussion on computed tomography (CT) as a routine in orthodontic dentistry due to radiation dose. Moreover, the CT is useless when a dentist needs to extract 3-D structures from old archive files with only radiographs and casts, where patient’s teeth changed ever since. In this paper, we propose a reconstruction framework for patient-specific teeth based on an integration of 2-D radiographs and digitized casts. The reconstruction is under a template-fitting framework. The shape and orientation of teeth templates are tuned in accordance with patient’s radiographs. Specially, the tooth root morphology is controlled by 2-D contours in radiographs. With ray tracing and a contour plane assumption, 2-D root contours in radiographs are projected back to 3-D space, and guide tooth root deformations. Moreover, the template’s crown is deformed nonrigidly to fit digitized casts that bear patient’s crown details. The system allows 3-D tooth reconstruction with patient-specific geometric details from just casts and 2-D radiographs."
" Recently dental aesthetics become important requirement when people went to dental clinic. Thus, for the most of dental patient if placed prosthesis, an ideal prosthesis is that the color closes to the adjacent teeth, so the tooth matching become a crucial step before implant. In this paper we proposed a tooth shade matching system by develop a standard procedure, which is use a digital camera and ring light to take a dental picture and color correction for the consistency of dental image, cluster the color spectrum of the tooth for matching with the shade guide tabs. Finally we perform the system can be decision support system in the shade matching, increasing the correctness of shade matching. Qualitative interviews are performed; the results showed that most dentists satisfied the smooth standard procedure and the precision of clustering the color spectrum of tooth."
" The present work carries out a novel study on the determination of color acceptability thresholds using a Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) fuzzy approximation, performing an evaluation of the CIEDE2000(K
L
:K
C
:K
H
) color difference formula in dentistry. A total of 55 sample pairs were evaluated by a panel of 28 observers. The responses for each pair were processed, and data was fitted using a TSK Fuzzy Approximation, which in recent literature has proven to be a reliable and recommendable methodology for approximating color data in dentistry. 50:50% acceptability thresholds were calculated for both CIEDE2000(1:1:1) and CIEDE2000(2:1:1) formulas and the performance of these formulas was evaluated using the PF/3 and STRESS parameters. We obtained better values for all performance parameters for CIEDE2000(2:1:1), indicating the better agreement between this formula and the visual results. Our results suggest considering reviewing the parametric factors, so that the CIEDE2000 color difference formula can be properly used for further applications in dentistry."
" In dental implantology and virtual dental surgery planning using computed tomography (CT) images, the examination of the axes of neighboring and/or biting teeth is important to improve the performance of the masticatory system as well as the aesthetic beauty. However, due to its high connectivity to neighboring teeth and jawbones, a tooth and/or its axis is very elusive to automatically identify in dental CT images. This paper presents a novel method of automatically calculating individual teeth axes. The planes separating the individual teeth are automatically calculated using cost profile analysis along the teeth center arch. In this calculation, a novel plane cost function, which considers the intensity and the gradient, is proposed to favor the teeth separation planes crossing the teeth interstice and suppress the possible inappropriately detected separation planes crossing the soft pulp. The soft pulp and dentine of each individually separated tooth are then segmented by a fast marching method with two newly proposed speed functions considering their own specific anatomical characteristics. The axis of each tooth is finally calculated using principal component analysis on the segmented soft pulp and dentine. In experimental results using 20 clinical datasets, the average angle and minimum distance differences between the teeth axes manually specified by two dentists and automatically calculated by the proposed method were 1.94° ± 0.61° and 1.13 ± 0.56 mm, respectively. The proposed method identified the individual teeth axes accurately, demonstrating that it can give dentists substantial assistance during dental surgery such as dental implant placement and orthognathic surgery."
" Segmentation of a single tooth is important for extracting tooth's features from x-ray dental images. PCA-stacked Gabor is a method that can help in enhancement of more details of tooth texture and bone. The orientation of Gabor banks correspond to the angle of tooth's orientation. In this paper, we propose a segmentation method based on an estimation of the angle of tooth's orientation in the image. The intensity projection and peak detection method are used in PCA-stacked Gabor method in order to improve the detail of tooth texture and bone. The tooth's contour is then segmented using active contour method without edge. In the experimental results, average mean square error (AMSE) is reduced to 11.763 compared active contour without edge (ACWE) method of 15.762 and the conventional method of 12.296, respectively."
" Based on the principle of gear generating, theoretical research and VB software simulation about undercut are presented in this paper. The rack cutter is used to infer minimum teeth without undercutting of stub tooth in volute gear, stub tooth helical gear and stub tooth straight bevel gear. And, which are respectively analyzed and calculated. Thus, correct minimum teeth without undercutting are got, theoretical analysis and calculation on the in volute stub tooth gear have been carried out. Then, minimum teeth without undercutting can be obtained, and use VB software to carry on simulation for verifying the validity of the theoretical calculation."
" After considering the rack cutter's addendum, the minimum teeth without undercutting of spur gears with 20
o
, 22.5
o
 and 25
o
 pressure angle were carried out analysis and comparison in this paper. On the basic of gear generating principles, origin and basic architecture of undercutting were presented, and the phenomenon of undercutting was theoretically investigated. And, there also are simulated result by means of VB and experimental results in this paper. The rack cutter is used to infer minimum teeth without undercutting of in volute gears with the pressure angle of 22.5
o
 and 25
o
, and correct minimum teeth without undercutting are got when the pressure angle are respectively 22.5
o
 and 25
o
. Then, virtual simulations in the circumstance of software VB are applied to verify the validity of theoretical calculations."
" This paper presents an evaluation of a mouse interface device using tooth-touch sound and expiration signals, which we developed as a pointing device for disabled persons. Our device enabled disabled persons to operate a personal computer easily using a mouse driven by their tooth-touch and expiration. It also had superior features, being easy to handle, light weight, user-friendly and inexpensive to make. The performance of our device was evaluated using Fitts' law, which estimated the comparative usability of the pointing device against that of a conventional ball-type mouse. Finally, we designed a rounding-type menu to improve the input efficiency of the device and apply it in a TV controller. We then compared the input velocity of our device against that of a conventional mouse."
" Flux-switching permanent-magnet (FSPM) machines have high torque density, high efficiency, and robust rotor structure. In order to achieve a high level of fault-tolerant capability and torque capability simultaneously, a multi-tooth 6-stator pole, 19-rotor pole fault-tolerant FSPM machine with twisted-rotor (MTFTFSPM-TR) is investigated and its design specifications including rotor pole numbers and gap width between the stator tooth and the fault-tolerant tooth are analyzed in this paper. Compared with a 12-stator pole, 14-rotor pole alternate poles wound fault-tolerant FSPM (FTFSPM) machine, the MTFTFSPM-TR shows higher torque density, better capability to inhibit short-circuit current, and lower cogging torque. Moreover, the twisted-rotor structure can achieve a symmetric and high sinusoidal back-electromotive force in each armature coil without the value reduction. Electromagnetic performance of the MTFTFSPM-TR has been verified experimentally on a prototype machine."
" According to the equation of flank profile parameter, finite element model was established and the tooth bending stress analysis was analyzed based on annoys environment. Especially detailed compared to the transition curve stress analysis of different round angle and different load location. Finite Element Method analyse than the tradition algorithm is more accurate, It have provided a basis for the curved intensity's calculation of gear."
" This research purpose is to investigate the changing of teeth color and to study the surface of teeth after treatment by laser diode at different power densities for tooth whitening treatment. In the experiment, human-extracted teeth samples were divided into 7 groups of 6 teeth each. After that laser diode was irradiated to teeth, which were coated by 38% concentration of hydrogen peroxide, during for 20, 30 and 60 seconds at power densities of 10.9 and 52.1 W/cm
2
. The results of teeth color change were described by the CIEL*a*b* systems and the damage of teeth surface were investigated by scanning electron microscopy (SEM). The results showed that the power density of the laser diode could affect the whiteness of teeth. The high power density caused more luminous teeth than the low power density did, but on the other hand the high power density also caused damage to the teeth surface. Therefore, the laser diode at the low power densities has high efficiency for tooth whitening treatment and it has a potential for other clinical applications."
" A gear vibration model involving tooth backlash and time-varying stiffness is investigated here, which is exposed to nonstationary excitation. The investigation is explored by the time domain method, and the reliability analysis is based on the first passage problem of the displacement amplitude. As to the multi-dimensional problem, the dimensional decomposition method is used to simplify the calculation of moments, and then the moments is used to approximate the PDF of the limit state function. The method here proposed is an efficient approach to solve the gear vibration reliability problem."
" The purpose of this study is to evaluate the changes in dental enamel (morphology, elemental composition, microhardness, and roughness) after applying hydrogen peroxide in conjunction with a nonthermal plasma to bleach the teeth. Extracted human teeth were randomly placed in six groups. Two control groups (one group with no bleaching agent and no plasma treatment of the teeth and another one with only hydrogen peroxide as the bleaching agent) and four plasma groups (receiving hydrogen peroxide of varying concentrations 6%, 15%, 25%, and 35%, in conjunction with a plasma treatment) were prepared. The surface morphology before and after treatment was assessed using a scanning electron microscope (SEM), and the change in the elemental composition was analyzed by an energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy system. A total of 36 extracted teeth were used to evaluate the change in enamel microhardness and surface roughness. The use of hydrogen peroxide as a bleaching agent, even in the absence of plasma exposure, causes various etching patterns that are attributable to demineralization during the treatment process. These patterns are more pronounced as the hydrogen peroxide concentration increases. The surface roughness tests confirmed the findings from the SEM analysis. We only found minor essentially insignificant changes in the elemental composition of the enamel and in the surface microhardness as a result of the treatment using hydrogen peroxide and a cold plasma. The use of a cold plasma in conjunction with hydrogen peroxide of varying concentrations in tooth bleaching causes minor changes in the tooth enamel changes that are comparable to those resulting from the standard treatment using 35 % hydrogen peroxide gel without a plasma."
" In the field of implant dentistry, there is a trend that more and more edentulous patients accept the computer-aided diagnostics and template-guided flapless surgery in the rehabilitation of the edentulous jaw. In this study, a novel implant surgery support method was developed for the implant insertion and fabrication of mucosa-supported surgical template that helps in drilling bone. With the registration technique, the CT three-dimensional model from CT data and digital plaster model were assembled together. The three-dimensional analysis and virtual implant planning were performed with the Simplant software. Then, on the basis of preoperative planning information, the mucosa-supported surgical template was designed and finally fabricated via the rapid prototyping technique. A clinical case reported for an edentulous patient demonstrated the reliability and validity of this technology, worthy of clinical application."
" This paper presents a method to recognize a tooth in dental X-ray images using Hu's moment invariants. The proposed method starts with digitizing dental radiographic films. Next, rectangular bounding boxes of target teeth in the X-ray images are manually specified. The process continues with enhancing the X-ray image with histogram equalization. The teeth are segmented with the assistance of Otsu's method. The next step is to calculate Hu's moment invariants that are used as the teeth's features. Finally, tooth recognition is done by feature matching with Euclidian distance."
" A novel pure rolling cycloid planetary gear reducer is presented in this paper. It has a character of pin wheels pure rolling. It can eliminate the sliding friction between pin wheels and gears, gain high transmission efficiency. The motion status of pin wheels in traditional dual-cycloid gear reducer is analyzed in detail. Under the condition of pin wheels pure rolling, novel profiles of epicycloid and hypocycloid gears are designed. And then small involute teeth are added on the profiles, in order to constrain the tangential displacement of pin wheels. In addition the pin wheel frame which is used in the traditional dual-cycloid gear reducer can be discarded to simplify the structure. At last, validity and feasibility of the approach to the pure rolling cycloid gear reducer are testified by kinematics simulation."
" Human face recognition receives more and more attention for its important role in a wide range of areas such as image searching, video surveillance, and human-computer interaction. This paper focuses on developing and testing a working attribute recognizer for one specific facial characteristic - teeth visibility. Three major steps - image preprocessing, feature extraction and classifier training are involved in the development process. For comparison, both the Local Binary Patterns (LBP) features and features derived from normalized cross-correlation (NCC) template matching are extracted and used to train a SVM classifier. After development, the attribute recognizer is tested with various parameter settings and under several different conditions in this report. Experimental results show that the LBP-SVM-based teeth visibility recognizer has a high accuracy and performs differently under different parameter settings such as the block size, sampling radius, and sampling density and is robust to pose, illumination, and small expression changes. Besides, the LBP-based teeth visibility recognizer is generally superior to that based on normalized cross-correlation template matching. The reasons are also explored in the experiment part."
" The principle of operation, experimentation, and performance of a fiber optic displacement sensor on a tooth surface is presented. The performances of this sensor are investigated by correlating the detector output with different probe configurations and various teeth samples with different surface reflectivity properties. With a multimode plastic bundled fiber probe, the sensitivities for the molar, canine, hybrid composite resin, and acrylic surfaces are obtained at 0.9667, 0.775, 0.5109, and 0.25 mV/mm, respectively, with a good linearity of more than 99% based on the analysis of the front slope. With a multimode plastic coupler, the sensitivities for the molar, canine, hybrid composite resin, and acrylic surfaces are obtained at 0.3538, 0.2951, 0.2069, and 0.1579 mV/mm, respectively. This proves that the sensor is capable of discriminating between different teeth surfaces. Such results are useful as guidelines for tooth surface related research, such as tooth surface profiling and measurement of tooth surface roughness."
" The paper presented herein describes the development of an advanced robotized system applied to in vitro implant dentistry research. To the biomedical community this paper shows the possibilities of industrial robots to help the research. Robots are special suitable to the biomedical field specially when integrated with advanced sensors and technologies, which may facilitate both the programming tasks and the data acquisition. Robotics researchers will find in this paper one of the first applications of programming by demonstration with real users with a novel explicit robot programming technique making use of multi-camera vision combined with speech recognition. This programming method targets users who have minimal robot experience but aims at `teaching' the robot to execute a specific task."
" This study explored a method for quantitative evaluation of tooth preparation for crown based on the three-dimensional (3D) scanning and reverse engineering (RE) technique. The maxillary left first molar in the standard gypsum model was prepared for all-ceramic crown. The three-dimensional data of relative objects were acquired by D700 Scanner, which contained prepared tooth, neighbor teeth, antagonist and the intact tooth. Then the 3D data were imported into the RE software. The undercut-detecting surface was constructed based on the interactively-extracted feature margin lines; the quantitative distribution of tooth reduction amount was analyzed by the 3D comparison between the prepared and intact tooth, while the quantitative values of taper and shoulder width were explored in a two-dimensional plane using cloud segmentation and extraction. In this study, the quantitative parameters of tooth preparation (undercut, tooth reduction amount, taper and shoulder width) were obtained by point clouds analysis in the RE software."
" Over the last decade, extra- and intraoral optical scanning for computer integrated manufacturing (CIM) of dental restorations became the focus of interest. Despite the fact that intraoral systems are getting more and more accurate, their invivo accuracy is influenced by the presence of oral fluids. Moreover, subgingival preparation margins need to be uncovered invasively prior to the scan and powder may be required to cope with different translucency and reflectivity of target materials. High frequency ultrasound (HFUS) based intraoral micro-scanning could be an alternative technology for optical impression taking. However, for accurate 3D teeth geometry reconstruction, homogenously distributed echoes of the occlusal and lateral tooth surfaces as well as margins are required. Whereas HFUS phased array technology for 3D image compounding is not yet available, mechatronic single element based transceiver concepts at most require 5 degrees of freedom (4 in case of synthetic aperture focusing). To overcome these drawbacks, a sparse spatial compounding (SSC) technique is being investigated which makes use of only a limited number of additional scanning directions under a fixed incidence angle allowing for simplification of the final micro-scanning kinematic. Measurements with extracted prepared human molar teeth have been carried by using an extraoral HFUS-SSC scanner. The results demonstrate that with SSC almost homogenously distributed spatial data coverage of tooth surface points can be achieved."
" This paper explores the use of deformation machining technology (DMT), originally developed at Bauman Moscow State Technical University, to make electrical joints and compare their performance to bolted and welded electrical joints. The DMT process is used to generate tooth-like profiles on two opposing surfaces that make the electrical joint, which are later joined by applying a mechanical load. To optimize the interfacing surface tooth-like profiles, a computational finite element model is developed. The model is used to simulate the mechanical joining of both Cu and Al DMT joints. The model is able to predict the most important parameters that contribute to enhancing the teeth interlocking and increasing the contact surface area. The model is successfully used in optimizing Cu-DMT joints; however, for Al-DMT joints the model predicted an unreliable electrical joint attributed to a spring-back effect that occurs after the mechanical load for making the joint is removed."
" The method for the mesh stiffness calculation of gear pair through Loaded Tooth Contact Analysis is presented in this paper. The mesh stiffness and load distribution of a helical gear pair are calculated. On that basis, the effect of two kinds of axial angle errors on mesh stiffness is compared and the effect of axial modification on mesh stiffness is analysed. The research demonstrates that the axial angle error has a big influence on load distribution on tooth surface and mesh stiffness of gear pair, axial modification improves the meshing quality and load distribution."
" At a time lots of problems with transportation system are brought by increasing vehicle users and people's lives are under the threaten of traffic accidents, the concept of safe-driving draws more and more attention. The vehicular hand-free system, with its apparent advantages, plays a positive role in safe-driving and is widely applied. Currently, vehicular system has become a necessary part of safe-driving, as a result of significantly improved performance due to the technical standardization as well as the solving of the problem of one-to-one matching between traditional cellphones and hand-free systems. The paper firstly analyzed the voice quality and transferring speed in vehicular system and then proposed certain suggestions on blue-tooth based vehicular hand-free system."
" Heat transfer is a limiting factor in the performance of electrical machines. Measuring the heat flux in an electrical machine is traditionally carried out indirectly with temperature measurements as there are only a few sensors for heat flux measurements. This paper describes a new experimental method to measure the local heat flux inside an electrical machine. The measurement was proven successful in the air gap of the permanent magnet machine, 37 kW 2400 min
-1
, under an influence of the air gap magnetic flux. The heat flux was measured by using sensors based on the transverse Seebeck effect. The test machine was an axial flux permanent magnet machine with two stator stacks and one internal, ironless rotor disc. A gradient heat flux sensor was installed in the air gap on the stator side. Local Nusselt and Reynolds numbers were calculated according to the measured heat flux results and compared with the results given by traditional methods to verify the new measurement method."
" The cogging torque in flux-switching permanent magnet machines (FSPMs) is high due to its unique structure and high air-gap flux density. The cogging torque principle in FSPM is different from that in traditional PM machines, which can not be correctly predicted by analytical consideration. The aim of paper is to present the investigation on cogging torque principle in FSPM by analyzing the flux density distribution and a simple cogging torque reduction technique, i.e., teeth notching. Various kinds of notching schemes and their influence on cogging torque are examined along with instantaneous torque and average output torque at different load conditions. Numerical optimization process combined with finite-element analysis, which gives more preciseness to calculations, is performed to minimize cogging torque. The results show that the cogging torque circle depends on the real flux density distribution in the machine rather than the number of stator/rotor poles and the presented method can greatly reduce the torque ripple at only slight cost of average output torque."
" Gearbox faults constitute a significant portion of all faults and downtime in wind turbines (WTs). Current-based gearbox fault diagnosis has significant advantages over traditional vibration-based techniques in terms of cost, implementation, and reliability. This paper derives a mathematical model for a WT drive train consisting of a two-stage gearbox and a permanent magnet (PM) generator, from which the characteristic frequencies of gear tooth breaks in generator stator current frequency spectra are clearly identified. A adaptive signal resampling algorithm is proposed to convert the variable fault characteristic frequencies to constant values for WTs running at variable speeds. A fault detector is proposed for diagnosis of gear tooth breaks using statistical analysis on the fault signatures extracted from the stator current spectra. Experimental results on a real gearbox are provided to show the effectiveness of the proposed model and method for diagnosis of gear tooth breaks."
" This paper looks at a systematic investigation on split ratio to minimize the AC losses of vertically placed rectangular conductors in concentrated-wound surface mounted PM synchronous machines having fault tolerant (FT) capability. The repeated numerical design optimization is carried out in Finite Element (FE) to achieve the required torque and FT capabilities for minimum level of electromagnetic losses. In addition, the influence of the tooth width to slot pitch ratio, slotting effects and tooth height are investigated. The proposed winding design is verified with FE analysis and validated experimentally. It will be shown that the overall losses can be minimised by adequate design."
" Tooth isolation is a very important pre-processing step for both computer-aided dental diagnosis and automatic dental identification systems. The accuracy of tooth isolation will directly affect the accuracy of feature extraction and thereby the final results of both types of systems. This paper presents a very effective and fully automatic tooth isolation method for bitewing dental X-ray images. Our upper-lower jaw separation mechanism is based on gray-scale integral projection to avoid possible information loss and incorporates with angle adjustment to handle skewed images. In single tooth isolation, we propose an adaptive windowing scheme for locating gap valleys to improve the accuracy. Furthermore, excessive isolation-curves can be removed and separating lines can be added to indicate the locations of missing teeth. Experimental results show that our method achieves higher tooth isolation accuracy rates for both upper- and lower-jaw images, when compared to Nomir and Abdel-Mottaleb's method."
" This paper puts forward the function requirements of the tooth code system, and according to them describes a design that based on VC++ 6.0 and Access database. The system software can generate all the code combinations automatically according to the tooth stage head (the depth of the valleys on the key) and the number of teeth (number of the valleys) [1], and it also can remove the codes that you don't need by choosing corresponding conditions. At last, download these codes to the Nan flash on the lower computer and let the MCU control the motor to make keys according to the codes in the Nan flash. This paper lays emphasis on the introduction of the algorithm of the generation of tooth code, the way to operate ACCESS database by SQL language, the import and preservation of the codes, the method of download the codes."
" Sinusoidal back-EMF waveform of vernier Permanent Magnet (PM) machines is analyzed in this paper. An analytical expression of Electromotive Force (EMF) of electric machines including vernier machines is developed to analyze EMF harmonics, and the effect of vernier PM machine pole ratio, the ratio of number of rotor poles to stator poles, on the EMF waveform. Moreover, this paper represents several Finite Element Analysis (FEA) models to verify the analysis based on the proposed expression, and the effect of tooth width ratio, which is the ratio of tooth width to tooth pitch, on back-EMF of vernier PM machines, and optimal tooth width ratio is obtained and verified by FEA. Finally, this paper makes comparisons between EMF waveform of vernier PM machines and that of traditional PM machines from the point of view of analytical EMF expression."
" There are many fields of communication where a certain words - technical terms - occur in a courses of technological university study. In this note we give a few areas of a) appearing 3-dimensional 2-parametric geometric object anuloid, named also toroid, b) using of synograph meanings - in a software engineering, linguistics, medicine, mainly in geometry/physics interdisciplinary fields, where planar coordinate systems, kinematic curves and dynamical systems are of a leading role. This approach is - on the author's best known - unfamiliar in a literature and offers useful domains of next recognition. The modest aim of our consideration is to show a) links joining the tori mathematics with diverse applications of scientific fields, especially with robot motion planning, the area important for technological university students, majoring in automation; and b) connexions of the word synograph with the dynamical systems area."
" Now, in the dentistry domain, the tooth plaster model is genellary used to evaluate of medical treatment on a dentistry reform patient and to educate of a dental technician's skill. It is measured by the optical cutting system. However, it is difficult to use quantitative evaluation of a dental technician's skill because of total measurement time about 2 hours. If this time can be shortened till about 10 minutes, the number of times of total measurement / evaluation can be increased sharply, and improvement in the quality of medical treatment or skill education can be expected. In this paper, the cause of taking measurement time is analyzed and examined first. Next, the measurement system within 10 minutes is proposed using a 3-lines optical cutting and scanning method with measurement accuracy maintained. This system is developed and evaluated by a fundamental experiment."
" To investigate the tooth bleaching effect of a low concentration hydrogen peroxide (H
2
O
2
) assisted by a nonthermal plasma, extracted human teeth were treated by a nonthermal plasma in the presence of varying concentrations of hydrogen peroxide gel. The results showed that combining plasma treatment with a low concentration hydrogen peroxide (6%) achieved a superior bleaching effect compared with a high concentration of hydrogen peroxide (35%) in the absence of a plasma. Furthermore, the bleaching efficacy did not significantly increase with increasing H
2
O
2
 concentration above 6% in the presence of the plasma. Compared with the control group (hydrogen peroxide without plasma), the plasma generated two to three times as many ·OH radicals, which are believed to be one of the key reactive species that contribute to the bleaching effect."
" The paper focuses to advanced numeric analyses of windings of alternating current rotary electric machinery, especially with focus to tooth windings. The paper discusses properties of these winding types such as winding factors, Görges' pattern and their differential leakage flux coefficients."
" Teeth classification is an important component in building an Automated Dental Identification System (ADIS) as part of creating a data structure that guides tooth-to-tooth matching. This aids in avoiding illogical comparisons that both inefficiently consume the limited computational resources and mislead decision-making. We tackle this problem by using low computational-cost, appearance-based Orthogonal Locality Preserving Projection (OLPP) algorithm to assign an initial class, i.e. molar or premolar to the teeth in bitewing dental images. After this initial classification, we use a string matching technique, based on teeth neighborhood rules, to validate initial teeth-classes and thus assign each tooth a number corresponding to its location in the dental chart. On a large dataset of bitewing films that contain 622 teeth, the proposed approach achieves classification accuracy of 89% and teeth class validation enhances the overall teeth classification accuracy to 92%."
" Teeth segmentation is one of the important components in building an Automated Dental Identification System (ADIS). The extraction of the teeth from their corresponding dental radiographs is called teeth segmentation. Dental radiographs may suffer from poor teeth image quality, low contrast and uneven exposure that complicate the task of teeth segmentation. To achieve a good performance in segmentation, the teeth images are preprocessed by a two-step thresholding technique, which starts with an iterative thresholding followed by an adaptive thresholding to binarize the teeth images. Then, we propose to adapt the seam carving technique on the binary images, using both horizontal and vertical seams, to separate each individual tooth. The proposed method is evaluated experimentally and compared to other algorithms. The results show that our new approach achieves the lowest failure rate among all existing methods, and the highest optimality among all of the fully automated approaches reported in the literature."
" This paper present a novel method for reducing or complete canceling some space harmonics of low order in the air-gap flux density of electric machines with fractional slots, tooth-concentrated winding using magnetic flux barriers in the stator teeth region. Furthermore, the new method increase simultaneously the efficiency of the working harmonic and with this the power density of the electric machine. The presented technique is applied to a PM machine with 12-teeth/14-poles single layer concentrated winding during designing of an electric machine for automotive application. Compared with the conventional design it show enormous improvements on the machine performances; the new PM machine design is characterized with high efficiency and high power density."
" Rotor eddy current losses are analyzed for torque motors with concentrated non-overlapping windings. It is shown that eddy currents strongly depend on the winding scheme and that analysis methods correlate with rotor loss measurements. Further, it is demonstrated that magnet eddy current losses in converter-fed machines are mainly governed by the converter duty factor by studying gear-based traction drives."
" Embedded systems are being further developed and applied in medical devices. In this paper, we present an embedded design for dental intraoral system which supports dental image capturing and image tooth segmentation. This device assists dentists in diagnosis by using dental images, which is captured from dental camera. Moreover, we propose advanced features for the dental intraoral system including touch screen with Vietnamese graphic user interface (GUI), dental image processing, patient records, and dentist's diagnosis note. Especially, the segmentation of teeth is important for examining and extracting teeth features from dental images. A teeth segmentation method based on active contour without edge algorithm has been proposed in this paper. Consequently, our system is portable, economic and ready to be applied at dental clinics. The system can help dentists examine at patient's home and voyages, not only in clinics."
" Gearbox damage can occur in different ways. The work reported here is focused on gear tooth cracking. Detailed structural models have been developed using ADAMS and ANSYS. The aim is to calculate the changes to gear train dynamic response due to cracks in individual gear teeth, and eventually through the resulting vibration signature to identify the extent and location of cracking. This last stage obviously opens up the possibility of sophisticated gear condition monitoring. It can be envisaged that suitably placed accelerometers would be used to measure changes in vibration signature and that analysis of these could be used to pinpoint the exact location and extent of damage; ie which stage of the gearbox and which type of gear. Modelling results from a suitable ADAMS model will be shown for an undamaged gearbox, with transient response and the amplitude and frequency of the important structural modes. Also detailed FE (ANSYS) modelling of a crack at different locations on the gear tooth is presented."
" Dental radiography meets challenge to classify the dents into the proper class which useful for forensic and biomedical application. This paper proposed a novel method of classification and numbering on posterior dental radiography using support vector machine (SVM) with mesiodistal neck detection. In this method we developed SVM using a nouvelle feature with mesiodistal neck teeth. This feature was used to solve the problem in the dental image which suffered with completeness of whole part of teeth (crown-root). Preprocessing for enhancements included morphological operation, contrast adaptive, and tresholding. Every tooth has been assigned according to universal dental numbering and classified as their sequence order. Our system achieved classification precision of 90 %. This approach is robust and optimal for solving the problem of dental classification."
" Tongue diagnosis is widely used in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). A tooth-marked tongue is an important objective index of the diagnosis of qi (yang) deficiency syndrome. In view of the existing problems of the method based on the tongue edge to determine the tooth-marked, this paper studies the improved method. Firstly it judges whether the top of tongue body has recessed area and then adopts the Graham algorithm to construct the convex hull of tongue to get accurate locating of tooth-marked. Secondly it chooses the optimal threshold of tooth-marked area pixel. The experiment results demonstrate the efficiency of the improved method."
" The fractional slots tooth concentrated windings are characterized with high space MMF harmonics which results to undesirable effects on electric machine. A novel and high efficiency method is presented in this paper to reduce simultaneously the suband high MMF harmonics of these winding types. Using this technique, a new 18-teeth/10-poles PM machine for traction applications is designed and their characteristics are compared with the convectional 12-teeth/10poles PM machine. The both machines are designed and investigated under the same electrical and geometrical constrains and the obtained results show high performances for the new machine design compared with the conventional machine. With the new winding type the radial force modes of low order (mode-2) are reduced for about 70%, the stator and rotor iron losses are reduced 30%, however, the magnet losses are reduced 80%."
" This paper concerns the force density optimization for medium-stroke reluctance actuators applied in anti-vibration applications. The force density in a conventional E-core reluctance actuator is limited for medium strokes by the nonlinear force-displacement characteristic. In this paper, different tooth topologies are analyzed to maximize the force density along the stroke using the finite element analysis. Teeth parameters are tuned in each topology to analyze the influences on the force density. An analytic thermal model is used and verified with finite element simulations."
" In a previous work we investigated the use of the synthetic aperture focusing technique based on a virtual point source (VSAFT) for high frequency ultrasound-based tooth surface reconstruction in the context of CAD/CAM-based dental restorations. However, discrepancies between real and assumed values of the transducer's and coupling media's parameters could affect the performance of the VSAFT. In the framework of this work an analysis has been conducted to investigate the influence of wrong assumptions concerning speed of sound and location of the virtual point source (VPS) with respect to spatial resolution and SNR after processing with VSAFT in case of using a focused (f#=2) high frequency (75MHz) ultrasound probe. Additionally, a comparison between common apodization windows (Hamming, triangle and cosine) and the coherence factor method (CF) has been carried out. The results show that already 3% deviation of the VPS position from their real value causes a significant deterioration of the achieved 6-dB lateral resolution after VSAFT processing. The best lateral resolution and SNR have been achieved with the CF method. Furthermore, the acoustic focus is more appropriate for VSAFT compared to the geometric pendant."
" Penetration of nanoparticles into tooth enamel and dentine is of significant interest upon solving problems related to reduction of tooth sensitivity, enamel strengthening, disinfection, restoration as well as cosmetic bleaching. This paper aims at studying the process of nanoparticle penetration into tooth enamel and dentine samples using nonlinear optical microscopy and at investigating the influence of the same nanoparticles on the generation of free radicals using the electronic paramagnetic resonance technique. We presented in vitro measurements demonstrating that nonlinear optical microscopy, namely, two-photon-excited autofluorescence, second harmonic generation, and hyper-Rayleigh scattering-based microscopy can be used for monitoring and imaging TiO
2
 and ZnO nanoparticle penetration into tooth tissues. The results indicate that ZnO nanoparticles penetrated into the human tooth enamel and dentine up to a depth of 12 and 45 μm, respectively, and TiO
2
 nanoparticles penetrated into dentine to a depth of 5 μm. The penetration mainly occurs along either enamel rods or dentinal tubules. Permeability of the dentine was found to be higher than that of enamel (for ZnO particles) by one order of magnitude and the diffusion rate was affected by the particle size being higher for smaller, submicron particles (ZnO) than for micron-sized aggregates (TiO
2
). Nitrogen-doped TiO
2
 nanoparticles generate more radicals in the UV-VIS spectral range in comparison to pristine TiO
2
 (anatase) and ZnO nanoparticles, therefore, they can potentially be used for disinfection purposes of superficial tooth areas (up to 5-μm deep)."
" Over 20 million teeth are extracted in the U.S. each year. Today dentists utilize forceps and blunt force, causing a painful and traumatic experience for the patient. The Tooth FerryTM will facilitate tooth extraction and minimize local trauma by implementing a novel mechanical method of extracting teeth. The mean procedure time will be reduced by 20%, saving the dental industry $2.1 billion per year."
" This paper discusses the application use of our WSN platform called Sprouts to monitor the current erosion conditions and retrieval of lost shovel-teeth in the Oil Sands mining operations of Ft. McMurray, Alberta, Canada. The modular architecture design of Sprouts allows us to customize the platform to monitor the thickness of shovel teeth and localize their position upon detachment. Utilizing our Sprouts plug-and-play protocol, we implement three sensor modules to monitor the thickness of the shovel tooth in operation using ultrasound waves, detect the event of a fallen shovel-tooth, and aid the retrieval of fallen shovel teeth using trilateration localization before they cause damage to crushers."
" In this paper, the design for an electromagnetic structure and reduction cogging torque of a dual stator structured radial flux permanent magnet generator, which is a combination of the inner- and outer-rotor types, has been proposed. We call this a dual stator radial flux permanent magnet generator. To reduce the cogging torque, firstly, stator tooth pairing was designed; secondly, stator displacement was designed and and finally, stator tooth pairing and stator displacement were carried out simultaneously. We found the optimal design condition about stator tooth pairing angle combination and stator displacement angle for cogging torque minimization. As a result, a cogging was reduced by 93.3[%] by this study."
 A general mathematical model for generating tooth surfaces of helical noncircular gears is established. Two basic parameters and a first order differential equation characterize this model. The condition for determining the cusp of tooth surfaces is also presented. Transverse pressure angle and normal length are introduced to deal with the model. The different tooth surfaces could be generated logically and systematically by using this model and defining transverse pressure angle as a function of the two parameters. It is believed that the model may provide a simple logical method for the design of helical noncircular gears.
" This paper introduces an important source of torque ripple in permanent-magnet synchronous machines with tooth-coil windings (TC-PMSMs). It is theoretically proven that saturation and cross-saturation phenomena caused by the nonsynchronous harmonics of the stator current linkage cause a synchronous inductance variation with a particular periodicity. This, in turn, determines the magnitude of the torque ripple and can also deteriorate the performance of signal-injection-based rotor position estimation algorithms. An improved dq-inductance model is proposed. It can be used in torque ripple reduction control schemes and can enhance the self-sensing capabilities of TC-PMSMs."
" A novel axial field switched reluctance motor (AFSRM) with single teeth stator and segmental rotor is introduced in this paper. The stator and rotor of the proposed motor are disk type: the stator poles are composed of excitation poles and auxiliary poles, the rotor is made up of a series of discrete segments. Because of the axial field structure and novel excitation source, the proposed motor can provide much higher output torque within reducing the copper volume. The basic operation concepts and design rules are introduced and in order to calculate the characteristics of the proposed structure detailed, the finite element model is established base on the software of Maxwell 12-3D, which is aimed at flux linkage, inductance, output torque, radial force and axial force. Compared with the conventional 12/8 SRM in the same parameters, the proposed motor can provide higher output torque and more efficient, which is much suitable for the low speed and high torque applications."
" In this paper, the design of the electromagnetic structure of the dual stator type radial flux permanent magnet generator, which has an advantage over the axial flux permanent magnet generator, has been discussed from the perspective of reducing the cogging torque. To reduce the cogging torque, firstly, stator tooth pairing was designed; secondly, permanent magnet displacement was designed, and finally, stator tooth pairing and permanent magnet displacement were carried out simultaneously. The dual stator radial flux permanent magnet generator in this study was analyzed by the two-dimensional finite element method."
" This paper introduces a monitoring scheme for discerning the boundary of the tooth in dental operations. In this scheme, tooth structures and dental fillings were discriminated based on their cutting sounds. Support vector machines were employed for classification; and averaged short time Fourier transform coefficients were selected as the features. The results confirmed capability and feasibility of the proposed scheme."
" Planetary gears are the most common and important part of wind turbine gearbox, that is why understanding their behavior becomes essential. This paper is a review on the literature covering the wind turbine gearbox, further investigating different approaches followed when modeling gearbox system. Systems having one degree of freedom as well as having six degrees are investigated. Furthermore, transmission errors and tooth wedging are introduced, in relation with assembly discrepancies, as they are common problem arising in gearbox systems nowadays. A critical analysis to some of the literature works is formulated, also, conclusive remarks highlighting important area to be focused on is proposed."
" The rotor structure is one of the key factors affecting the performance of the brushless doubly fed machine (BDFM). This paper presents a “double-sine” wound rotor for the brushless doubly fed generator to reduce the harmonic contents of the rotor winding. Ideally, so-called double sine is to make the magnetomotive force (MMF) space vector in one set of three-phase symmetric windings only containing two sinusoidal-waveform magnetic fields of different pole pairs. According to the principles of tooth harmonic and sinusoidal winding, the double-sine winding is designed to be constituted by double-layer unequal-turn coils. The design procedure and rules are given in detailed with the design example. The steady-state performance of a 60 kW prototype generator with double-sine wound rotor is analyzed by the simulation and experimental test, and the validity of the design method for proposed rotor structure is verified."
" Superconducting direct-drive wind generators have been a research focus, since needs for wind energy development are more and more urgent. Generator stator can be with air-gap winding or iron teeth. Different stator concepts could yield different mechanical, thermal, and electromagnetic performances. This paper compares different stator configurations for 12-MW superconducting direct-drive wind generators with the help of finite element analysis software. Ferromagnetic materials in superconducting machines can help reduce reluctance in magnetic circuits and save costs of superconducting coils in rotor. Moreover, iron teeth could bring cogging torque and vibrations in generators, which can be greatly reduced with air-gap windings. In addition, iron teeth can lead to different losses, including damping shell, copper, and iron losses."
" In this paper, a diagnostic approach has been presented for discriminating between patients with acquired neuropathy called CIDP and congenital neuropathy called Charcot-Marie-Tooth. In the presented approach, nine time-domain and frequency-domain features extracted from the surface EMG signals of tibialis anterior and rectus femoris muscles recorded during walking in patients.All data is the result of 82 human examinations done on the three groups of healthy individuals (34 samples), CIDP patients (25 samples) and Charcot-Marie-Tooth patients (23 samples).70% of the gathered data was used for training and the rest 30% for testing the classifiers. Then, fuzzy KNN classifiers and Adaptive neuro fuzzy inference system(ANFIS) were utilized to detect the discrepancies between two groups of patients. The performance of fuzzy KNN and Anfis were compared. The results show that the accuracies were 98.4% and 96.8% for fuzzy KNN and Anfis classifiers, respectively."
" Using magnetic flux barriers in the stator yoke of electric machines with fractional slots, tooth-concentrated winding, it is possible to reduce or even to cancel some space harmonics of low order in the air-gap flux density resulting in lower rotor losses induced by the armature reaction field. In this paper, this new technique is applied during the design and analysis of two permanent magnet machines with different 12-teeth/10-poles concentrated windings. Considering the main machine performances, such as the electromagnetic torque, machine losses, and also the field-weakening capability, the new stator design shows significant advantages over the conventional design. According to the new technique, a prototype machine is built and some measurement results are given."
" In dentistry, often dental radiography is related to teeth occlusal surface, which can be used for diagnostic and treatment purposes. Nonetheless the exposure of X-Ray dose may limit the usage of this technique. This paper presents the image construction from the occlusal surface of human teeth. The principle of the surface construction is from the exploitation of reflected light intensities along the occlusal surface of human teeth. The image of occlusal surface is constructing back using simple MatLab software. The measured diameter from the images of occlusal surface for molar A and molar B is to be 7.0 mm and 7.5 mm, respectively, which is exactly the same when measured with micrometer. The average surface roughness for each tooth sample namely molar A and molar B is obtained to be 742 μm and 975 μm, respectively. Such results are useful for detecting the occlusal topography and surface profile of human teeth."
" In this paper we are demonstrating a novel method of designing and implementing a modified birdcage type Radio Frequency (RF) coil for small animal Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) imaging. This RF coil is basically a band pass type birdcage coil which is specifically designed to perform the whole body NMR imaging of small animal at 1.5T MRI systems. The designed RF coil contains the saw tooth shaped pattern as the leg conductors. The magnetic field produced at 63.85 MHz resonance frequency by this designed saw toothed shape leg pattern RF coil is significantly stronger than the magnetic field produced by a conventional straight leg band pass type birdcage coil designed with the same dimension. A full wave 3D electromagnetic simulation is carried out to optimize the RF coil dimensions, capacitor values and to study the RF coil electromagnetic characteristics."
 This paper emphasizes the importance of current linkage harmonics for tooth-coil permanent magnet synchronous machines (TC-PMSMs). In the literature the importance of the current linkage harmonics for the design of TC-PMSMs has so far been underestimated. It is shown that the current linkage harmonics affect a lot the performance and efficiency of this type of machines. The torque capability and field-weakening capability strongly depend on the harmonic spectra of the current linkage waveform. Losses in a TC-PMSM are also dependent on the spectrum of the current linkage waveform of the selected slot-and-pole combination. This paper presents a thorough analysis of the influence of the current linkage harmonics on the synchronous inductance of TC-PMSMs.
" Permanent magnet (PM) machines with tooth-coil windings are designed and analyzed. We study how the slot wedge material affects the behaviour of losses when using tooth-coil windings. The losses of an interior permanent magnet rotor are studied over a wide speed range. A finite element analysis applying Cedrat's Flux2D is made. Motors of this size can have high permanent magnet eddy current losses, and therefore, segmented magnets are often preferred even though interior magnets and semi-magnetic wedge materials are used. The study shows that tooth-coil windings may benefit from using a semi-magnetic material as a wedge material as it decreases the rotor iron losses and, especially, losses in the permanent magnets. The study shows also that wedges with relative permeabilities higher than 3 would not benefit this traction motor design, because of high losses and low maximum torque. Computations are compared to measurements of a 110 kW prototype traction motor."
" To reach a particular tangential stress in a PMSM the magnetic loading and the electric loading should have corresponding values. This means that if the magnetic loading is restricted by the characteristics of cheap and relatively weak ferrite permanent magnets, the electric loading should be increased to keep the tangential stress at desirable value. However, the latter is also limited because of the demagnetization risk of the permanent magnets by a high armature reaction. Therefore, surface ferrite PMSMs should have a low tangential stress in order to avoid the demagnetization risk, which consequently leads to a low torque density. This is one of the main drawbacks of ferrite magnets used in electric motor drives. This paper describes some possibilities for improving the torque density with surface ferrite PMSMs, describes the restrictions which one can meet while designing this type of the electric machines and observe the influence of temperature variation in the magnets on the electric machine performance. An example is done with the analytical and the FEM analyses of a 50 kW, 3000 rpm, permanent magnet generator for a series hybrid electric vehicle application."
" An estimation of bone density is important for dental implant. CT value has been used in clinical and diagnostic as a quantitative evaluation method of bone density. In this paper, a method for estimating the CT value is proposed by modeling the relation between the cutting force and the CT value. The cutting force is calculated by the thrust force of the linear motor and the torque of the rotary motor. The estimated CT value can be obtained in real time by comparing between the force from reaction force observer and the formula of CT value with the pre-estimated parameters. The validity of the proposal was confirmed through experiments using wood mentioned in Misch's bone density classification. The experimental results indicated that the error of CT value estimation was ±91 HU and the estimation accuracy was 84 %."
" This paper presents the design, finite-element (FE) analyses and experimental validation of a Kaman-type fractional-slot concentrated-winding axial-flux permanent-magnet machine with tooth-wound coils. In this particular topology, the flux travels axially through the permanent magnets, from one stator to the opposite, so that there is no need for any rotor back iron. Thus, the rotor is an assembly of permanent magnets and a suitably designed holder. In order to guarantee adequate mechanical stiffness, stainless steel has been selected as the holder's material. Different designs of this holder are investigated, with the aim of minimizing the induced losses therein. Both no-load and on-load performances are analyzed with 2-D time-stepped FE simulations, with particular attention devoted to rotor losses. A full-scale prototype is built, together with two of the previously investigated holder structures. Experimental tests confirm the validity of the design and of the FE simulations."
" Dental trauma represents the second etiology for tooth loss. Understanding of its mechanism in relation to ora-facial structures is essential for clinical reason. Due to its mechanical nature, the trauma can be investigated accurately using mathematical methods (finite element methods). A geometrical model was obtained from the computer tomograph scans of a immature upper incisor, further processed in dedicated FEA (Finite Element Analysis) software. Similar results with previous studies were achieved, confirming the validity of the model and the reliability of the path from DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) files to compliant finite element method object. The results sustain the epidemiological findings, enamel fractures being detected more often than other clinical forms."
" RFID has been broadly applied in different business practices. However, applications into human body may be involved in some difficult problems, such as safety resulted from invasive procedures, and privacy concerns. RFID implanted dental prostheses afford chances for relatively noninvasive procedures, and its fixed properties may bring some significant benefits. This article will discuss about RFID insertions over dental fixed prostheses. We also show the suggested processes, along with the locations for its insertion. Finally, we will discuss about the way to avoid privacy concern, as well as other applications in RFID inserted dental prostheses. High frequency (13.56 MHz) with sheet form RFID is selected to insert over bilateral lower first molar buccal area for the purpose of directly detections over outside cheeks in our experiment. This design also concerns about the esthetics and the occlusal loading forces, and further improvements for RFID inserted dental prostheses will be also discussed. Our results show that with the increasing area of the coil, the tag will enlarge the detecting length throughout the agarose, which contains about 90 % water to mimic the soft tissue. The detecting depths of the tag are more than 1 cm, which are larger than our cheeks (about 0.9 cm in thickness). We also show the suggested data to load into the tags, which includes the prostheses design date, the certificate number of the dentists, and the materials used to manufacture. These data can avoid from privacy problem, and also bring the benefits for medical appointments, as well as the identifications throughout the indirect procedures. Further researches to minimize the coil size and to fit the different dental prostheses are still needed for its practical applications."
" In the current scenario, identifying a person in mass disasters is a challenging problem if adequate biometric information is not available. It can be handled by using dental radiographs as a suitable biometric means in such a circumstance. Forensic Odontology is a branch under biometrics which uses dental radiographs for human identification. In this paper an attempt is made to develop an algorithm for teeth numbering and classification, which is a major section in Automated Dental Identification system. Individual identification using dental panoramic images is an issue addressed in the literature. Hence, this work makes use of panoramic images for emerging this algorithm. The dental radiographs are initially preprocessed and each tooth is isolated for further processing. This image is subjected to Support Vector Machine classifier to segregate the tooth as Molar or Premolar. Then template matching algorithm followed by Universal numbering system is used to number the teeth. Experimental results show that this algorithm has numbering accuracy of 93.3% for Molar and 92% for premolar."
" This paper concerns the force density optimization for medium-stroke reluctance actuators applied in antivibration applications. The force density in a conventional E-core reluctance actuator is limited for medium strokes by the nonlinear force-displacement characteristic. In this paper, different tooth topologies are analyzed to maximize the force density along the stroke using the finite-element analysis. Teeth parameters are tuned in each topology to analyze the influences on the force density over a stroke of ±12.5 mm. An analytic thermal model is used to estimate the surface temperature and is verified with finite-element simulations. The optimal topology is validated by experiments on a prototype."
" Analytical calculation methods for all the major components of the synchronous inductance of tooth-coil permanent-magnet synchronous machines are reevaluated in this paper. The inductance estimation is different in the tooth-coil machine compared with the one in the traditional rotating field winding machine. The accuracy of the analytical torque calculation highly depends on the estimated synchronous inductance. Despite powerful finite element method (FEM) tools, an accurate and fast analytical method is required at an early design stage to find an initial machine design structure with the desired performance. The results of the analytical inductance calculation are verified and assessed in terms of accuracy with the FEM simulation results and with the prototype measurement results."
" This work presents the evaluation of different teeth shape geometries of a tubular linear switched reluctance generator in order to maximize the machine capabilities for power generation at low speeds in direct drive wave energy converters. For a 1.5 KW 3 phase generator, different geometries will be proposed and evaluated with the scope to achieve greater electromotive force for low speeds despite the adopted control strategy. The optimization study is support by a 2D FEM analysis through which different geometric parameters will be evaluated to maximize the inductance change with the relative displacement between the stationary and mover parts of the machine."
" This research explains about segmentation process in Orthodontic 3D Modelling System (Dental.Smile). Dental.Smile is implemented using C# programming language with Windows Presentation Foundation (Wpf) 3D. This system is made for dentist, especially Orthodontics to help tooth analizing. This system started with registration process, then scanning, then manipulation with in segmentation process. Segmentation can be splitted into 2 processes, which is separating tooth with the gum and separating the teeths it self. The process begins with loading the .obj file to the system, and then defining a plane crossing the model in <;0,0,0> point. Because of the position of the model isn't linier with the plane, so need to slide manually till the position suitable with the gap between tooth and gum. After that can be segmented separating teeth with the gum. Once we get the tooth model (raw), the next process is define the teeth marker between teeth continuesly. Teeth segmentation will be processed once the teeth markers already marked. The segmentation result will be store in a .obj file with the group structure. Each teeth has a group name and verteks. These groups will be used to manipulate the teeth model for measurements, brace and wiring and teeth movement, etc. Based on implementation and testing result can be conclude that orthodontics 3D modelling system can be implemented. Although the segmentation result not yet exactly perfect with the teeth structure, because there are still user intervention (dentist), but for the next development is possible to be automatic process."
" This paper presents four types of three-phase permanent magnet (PM) machines, that is, modular and unequal teeth (UNET) machines either with or without tooth tips. Two-dimensional finite element (FE) modeling has been carried out to analyze the influences of flux gaps (in alternate stator teeth) and UNET widths. These influences are mainly on winding factors, air-gap flux density due to PMs, flux linkage, back-electromotive force, and electromagnetic torques. For UNET machines without tooth tips, it has been found that the UNET widths affect both winding factor and air-gap flux density due to PMs. However, for UNET machines with tooth tips, the UNET widths have no effect on machines' electromagnetic performance. Nevertheless, for modular machines, the flux gaps influence three parameters: winding factor, air-gap flux density due to PMs, and flux focusing/defocusing. Meanwhile, for different slot/pole number combinations, the influences of flux gap and UNET widths are different. Several general rules concerning these influences have been established. These general rules can be extended to other single or dual three-phase modular or UNET machines with different slot/pole number combinations. Prototypes of modular machines have been built, and the predictions and conclusions have been validated."
" Identifying the structure and arrangement of the teeth is one of the dentists' requirements for performing various procedures such as diagnosing abnormalities, dental implant and orthodontic planning. In this regard, robust segmentation of dental Computerized Tomography (CT) images is required. However, dental CT images present some major challenges for the segmentation that make it difficult process. In this research, we propose a multi-step approach for automatic segmentation of the teeth in dental CT images. The main steps of this method are presented as follows: 1-Primary segmentation to classify bony tissues from nonbony tissues. 2-Separating the general region of the teeth structure from the other bony structures and arc curve fitting in the region. 3-Individual tooth region detection. 4-Final segmentation using mean shift algorithm by defining a new feature space. The proposed algorithm has been applied to several Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) data sets and quality assessment metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the algorithm. The evaluation indicates that the accuracy of proposed method is more than 97 percent. Moreover, we compared the proposed method with thresholding, watershed, level set and active contour methods and our method shows an improvement in compare with other techniques."
" This paper describes a new corrugated tooth like slot microstrip antenna fed with microstrip line. The proposed antenna is designed to achieve less than -10 dB return loss with good impedance matching at center frequencies 2.6 GHz, 3.6 GHz, 5.5 GHz and 6.1 GHz. The substrate thickness is 0.8 mm with dielectric constant 4.4. The proposed antenna shows gain more than 2.6 dB and above 90 % efficiency at all chosen center frequencies. Low cross-polarization exist as, the geometry of radiating patch is symmetric and inverse. The radiation patterns are symmetric and ominidirectional in elevation and azimuthal planes."
" The aim of this paper was to assess the effectiveness, safety, stability, and mechanism of tooth whitening using a direct current cold atmospheric pressure air plasma microjet (PMJ) with the assistance of whitening gels (blank or containing 3% H
2
O
2
). The results were compared with those obtained from teeth treated with blank gel only and with gel containing 35% H
2
O
2
 in a cold light bleaching system. Tooth whitening effectiveness right after various treatments as well as 18 months after treatment was evaluated via CIELAB colorimetry. Type K thermocouple, scanning electron microscope and energy dispersive spectroscopy were employed to study the temperature of pulp chamber, tooth surface morphology, and elemental composition of enamel surface, respectively. Teeth in the plasma groups were effectively whitened in 5 min, though no significant difference was observed between the two plasma groups. Pulp chamber temperature was shown to remain below 35 °C. Morphological and surface elemental analysis showed similar changes to tooth enamel in the plasma groups and in the cold light group. These observations suggested that PMJ with blank gel was more effective for tooth whitening with acceptable safety and good stability. Optical emission spectroscopy results revealed that reactive oxygen species, such as O, ·OH, and NO, in plasma may play a dominant role in the process of plasma tooth whitening."
" This paper mainly proposes a general model of eccentric squirrel-cage induction motor (SCIM), which includes the stator and rotor slotting effect as well as their individual tooth reluctance effect. Considering open slots on the stator and rotor, their rather exact shape is included in the machine's air gap function. Then, the resulting air gap function is used for evaluating various inductances of SCIM by the winding function approach (WFA). A simple general technique is used for adding eccentricity effect, including static, dynamic, and mixed eccentricities, on the air gap function and, therefore, on the inductances. Using a novel technique, saturable reluctance of each tooth of the stator and rotor is evaluated in every simulation step. Then, these reluctances are added to the model by equivalent increase of the air gap in front of the teeth; this reflects the teeth saturable reluctance effect on the inductances of the SCIM. In effect, dynamic simulation of SCIM with all aforementioned effects using WFA becomes possible. Simulation results compared to corresponding experimental results show accuracy and exactness of the proposed model."
" As every field is going to be advance in and each field use an upcoming technology, the oral medicine are also updating the instrument for measuring the dimension of teeth for proper alignment at proper place, there are many instrument which are used to calculate the parameters of teeth for line analyzer, but the calculated value considered was not in point fraction which had lead to improper data as after teeth preparation, filler was used to align and fit the teeth at proper position. But with use of HD micro-camera the image will be taken which will go under various calculating measure for finding the proper fraction value."
" Although Permanent Magnet Linear Synchronous Motor enables high-speed and high thrust compared to rotary machine, its application to the long-distance transportation system has been delayed due to high installation costs. Thus, by proposing stationary discontinuous armature system that installs armature only at the part accelerating and decelerating mover, we improved the problem of installation costs in this paper. Also, we proposed new shape of auxiliary teeth for the armature end edge of this system to reduce the detent force causing noise and vibration of equipment and showed detent force reduction effect which was more improved than existing auxiliary teeth based on optimal design using the design of experiment."
" In this paper, a quasi-dimensional turbulent combustion model for SI engines is thoroughly studied. On burning rate equation, a new formula is put forward, with mechanism difference from the traditional models. In the traditional models, all different eddies formed in different periods are burnt in identical rate; while in the new formulae, every eddy has its own life and is burnt in different rate. They are separated from each other and are consumed in exponential law."
" Based on the optimal primary and secondary pole number combination selection principle of linear switched-flux PM machine (LSFPMM) with odd poles primary, a novel 9/10 primary/secondary poles LSFPMM has been developed. In order to increase the thrust force density, some major design parameters, such as secondary pole width, split ratio and primary slot width, were investigated by finite element analysis (FEA). Because of the discontinuity of the primary, there exists longitudinal end effect in LSFPMMs, which significantly affects the smoothness of thrust force. In order to decrease the thrust force ripple under on-load condition, the effective method of utilizing end auxiliary tooth was adopted and their positions were also optimized. Finally, the electromagnetic performances were calculated and compared, which could be beneficial to understand the characteristics of LSFPMM. The results demonstrate that the odd pole primary is suitable to LSFPMM and may be a good candidate for long-stroke direct linear drive application."
" Tongue diagnosis is an important method in TCM. Teeth marks are objective indexes of the diagnosis of qi deficiency. One method on teeth marks recognition is based on detecting the size of concave regions. The concave regions are caused by the bending of the tip and margin of the tongue, and the lip shades are easy to be misjudged into teeth marks. The pose and asymmetry of the tongue body also affect the judgment. Another method to identify teeth marks is to calculate concavity and convexity of the margin of the tongue. The narrow and long concave regions whose concavity is not deep are easy to be misjudged into teeth marks. Accordingly, this paper proposed a new method to extract teeth marks by calculating the slope of the margin of the tongue and the length and degree of the concave regions. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the method."
" Anatomical and functional information of the structures of interest is the basis of radiology interpretation. Many diagnosis of some facial diseases may be done through medical imaging techniques, however the most conventional present lack of information in analyzing physiological functional aspects such as microcirculation and autonomous nervous system. This study aims to evaluate and compare 2 techniques of dynamic infrared thermography (chewing and vibration tests associated with thermal test) in 3 skin facial regions of volunteers with and without temporomandibular disorder (DMT). Sixty-four participants (24 symptomatic and 40 asymptomatic) were included. The surface temperature over trochlear, supraorbital and facial arteries and veins was assessed by medical thermography, using regional frontal views and clinical examination. Results show that the cutaneous temperature over the ROIs does not change in the presence of DMT. The functional tests did not have statistical evidence of independence (p>0.05). This preliminary assessment was made only in front views. A future evaluation of lateral thermal imaging is advised because it can provide important and new pathophysiological information in the characterization for DMT subjects and healthy individuals."
" This paper presents a 2-D analytical method in the complex domain for the computation of magnetic field distribution, eddy currents, circuit model parameters, and steady-state performances in solid rotor induction motors. The proposed static analytical model considers stator slotting with tooth-tips. The rotor motion is simulated by varying the slip. The analytical magnetic field distribution is computed in polar coordinates from 2-D subdomain method (i.e., based on the formal resolution of Maxwell's equations applied in subdomain) in each region, i.e., semiclosed stator slots, air gap, solid rotor, and shaft. The electromagnetic torque is obtained from both the electrical equivalent circuit and Maxwell stress tensor that is given by the magnetic field distribution. Analytical results are validated by the static finite-element method."
" A novel 12/10 axial field SRM with segmental rotor and single teeth stator is investigated, which is proposed for high torque performance within reducing copper volume. This paper presents the machine topology, which base on the axial field to permits use of short pitched windings placed around a single teeth stator. This concept improves the torque capability of the previous design, but uses much less copper volume. The theoretical basis and FEM is established base on the software of Maxwell and Matlab-Simulink. Experiment results are presented for the machine operating as a drive, indicating the viability of the concept which is much suitable for the low speed and high torque application."
" This paper presents a 2-D static analytical method in the frequency domain for the calculation of magnetic field distribution, eddy-currents, circuit model parameters, and steady-state performances in multiphase/multipole cage rotor induction motors with integer and fractional stator winding. The complex model allows to study the healthy, defective, and broken bars conditions in these electrical machines. The proposed static analytical model considers stator and rotor slotting with tooth-tips. The method is based on the resolution of Poisson's, Laplace's, and Helmholtz's equations in stator slots, air-gap, and rotor bars regions, respectively. The electromagnetic torque is obtained from both the electrical equivalent circuit and Maxwell stress tensor that is given by the magnetic field calculation. The analytical results are validated by those issued from time harmonic finite-element method."
" Objective: The paper is to explore the construction of the joint prosthesis model of dental implant and root bisection and mechanical rules of the bone-implant interface of screw-type dental implant. Methods: The Mimics software is applied for loading the image scanned by CT and reverse engineering software for optimizing the model, and Pro/engineer UG software for constructing the three-dimensional model. The model contains all ceramic crown, periodontal ligament, post core, drill base, screw-type dental implant, half of the real teeth, root canal, spongy bone and bone cortex. All the three dimensional finite element models were analyzed using ANSYS Workbench software. Stress distribution on the teeth surface under vertical load (250 N) were calculated for the models. Results: The spongy bone of the dental implant and its stress distribution and deformation rule is obtained. The stress value at the root of the screw-type dental plant is maximum, which is 100.15Mpa; deformation occurs mainly on the real tooth body, the maximum of which is 0.022mm. Conclusions: Acting as the sensory receptor, the periodontal ligament limits the bite force of the joint implant. Thus from the perspective of mechanical engineering, we can conclude that the joint prosthesis of clinical dental implant and root bisection is an excellent repair method."
 This fluorescence study gives the information regarding photosensitizer uptake and retention by gingival mucosa which is necessary to choice an adequate protocol for antimicrobial photodynamic therapy of mild and moderate paradontitis with chlorine e6-based photosensitizer.
" Permanent magnet synchronous machines (PMSMs) with fractional-slot non-overlapping windings, also known as tooth-coil winding PMSMs (TCW PMSM), have been under intensive research during the latest decade. There are many optimization routines explained and implemented in the literature to improve the characteristics of this machine type. This paper introduces a new technique for torque ripple minimization in TCW PMSM. The source of torque harmonics is also described. The low-order torque harmonics can be harmful for a variety of applications, such as direct drive wind generators, direct drive light vehicle electrical motors, and for some high-precision servo applications. The reduction of the torque ripple harmonics with the lowest orders (6th and 12th) is realized by machine geometry optimization technique using finite element analysis. The presented optimization technique includes the stator geometry adjustment in TCW PMSMs with rotor surface permanent magnets and with rotor embedded permanent magnets. Influence of the permanent magnet skewing on the torque ripple reduction and cogging torque elimination was also investigated. It was implemented separately and together with the stator optimization technique. As a result, the reduction of some torque ripple harmonics was attained."
" Switched reluctance machines with segmental rotors are investigated, base on the traditional radial field magnetic structure, a novel axial field SRM is prototyped. This paper presents a machine topology, which permits the use of short pitched windings placed around a single teeth stator, and with the segmental rotor design, the core loss and weight of the rotor will be reduced. This concept maintains the torque capability of a previous design, but uses much less copper volume. The finite element model is established base on the software of Maxwell 12- 3D, which is aimed at flux linkage, inductance, output torque, radial force and axial force. The theoretical basis for the machine configuration is developed and then the results for a working prototype machine are shown, illustrating static torque and flux linkage profiles. Results are presented for the machine operating as a drive, indicating the viability of the concept which is much suitable for the low speed and high torque application."
" Fractional slot permanent magnet synchronous machines with non-overlapping winding (FSPMSM) also known as tooth coil winding permanent synchronous machines (TCW PMSM) have gained intensive attention during the latest decade. Therefore, their design methods are constantly developed and improved. Numerical solution, i.e. finite element analysis (FEA), is still computationally heavy and time consuming, which makes it problematic to use this method in an optimization process. For this reason it is advantageous to use an analytical design method, for searching a design, which satisfies the needed characteristics of a PMSM, during the optimization process."
" Previous studies have shown that applying external vibrational load of a certain frequency and intensity can accelerate the tooth movement, thus shorten orthodontic treatment time. It is believed that the optimal frequency is correlative to the modal mode of the target tooth-periodontal ligament (PDL)-bone complex (TPBC). This study aims to investigate modal mode, natural frequencies included, of the TPBC using finite element (FE) method. Methods: A three dimensional TPBC model of a maxillary central incisor were reconstructed from cone beam CT images. A FE model was then created in Ansys 14.5. The tooth, PDL, and bone were meshed with 10-node hexahedral elements (SOLID 187) with the numbers of the elements equaled to 17,803, 4,137, and 32,577, respectively. All parts were considered homogeneous and isotropic. The material properties (Young's Module (Pa), Poisson's ratio and Density (kg/m
3
) as: 2e10, 0.31 and 1.36e3 for tooth, 4.7e5, 0.4 and 1.1e3 for PDL, and 3.5e9, 0.33 and 1.4e3 for bone, respectively. Fixed constraint was set for the alveolar bone. PCG Lanczos method was used in the modal analysis. Six order modes were included in the computation. Result: The first six order modal mode of the TPBC were obtained. The corresponding natural frequencies were 702, 1049, 2713, 2805, 3026, and 3530 Hz, respectively. Different tooth movement patterns, including translation, rotation, extrusion/intrusion, were observed in these modal modes. Conclusion: The proposed method is able to obtain the natural frequencies and modal modes of a TPBC. The results can be used as reference for developing vibrational device to accelerate orthodontic tooth movement."
" Normally, children suffer from a tooth eruption because their permanent teeth do not push their ways through the gums; therefore, dentist will need to diagnose dental X-ray image based on characteristics of the gap between deciduous teeth and permanent teeth. This paper proposes image processing based on Active Contour Model and data mining for analyzing the ratio of teeth's gap area. In addition, the experiment relates to medical knowledge so as to evaluate the treatment. The results show that the ratio of teeth's gap area in a case of extraction is 20 ± 5 and tooth extraction decision in expert's way is 78 ± 7%. In a case of no extraction, the ratio of teeth's gap area is 40 ± 4.5 and tooth extraction decision in expert's way is 60 ± 6%. Therefore, if the teeth's gap area between the deciduous teeth and the permanent teeth is small, then an occasion of the tooth extraction will be higher. The decision to retain or extract a questionable tooth is one that occurs frequently in dental practice. There are many factors to consider when making this decision. Some cases are very straightforward while others fall into an unclear area of decision-making. This proposed method creates the decision model supported for the dental tooth extraction using J48 tree, and the accuracy is approximately at 98%."
" This paper discusses the application of our Wireless Sensor Network platform called Sprouts, to monitor the steel shovel-teeth on shovelling equipment used in oil sands mining operations in Ft. McMurray, Alberta, Canada. If a fallen shovel-tooth reaches the rock crushers, serious damage to the crusher gears is expected. The Sprouts platform is utilized to monitor the viability of the shovel-teeth on the shovel bucket's teeth adapter. In addition, if a shovel-tooth becomes detached, Sprouts is used to estimate its location. By utilizing our Sprouts plug-and-play protocol, we implement a magnetic field and ultrasound distance sensor modules to detect the event of a fallen shovel-tooth. In addition, a wireless power transfer unit and two supplementary antennas are embedded in each shovel-tooth to aid in localizing (using trilateration) the part before it reaches the crusher."
" Despite many efforts of improving the tooth impression procedure within a tooth restoration process, the detection of subgingival preparations margins still demands retraction of gingiva prior to the impression taking. A concept for high-frequency ultrasound (HFUS) assisted micro-scanning in the context of CAD/CAM based intra-oral tooth surface digitization has been introduced in the past. In order to reduce the mechatronic complexity, the system is based on a two degree of freedom (DOF) highly dynamic serial kinematic carrying a HFUS focused single element transducer. The limited depth of field and the low sensitivity against angular aligned specular reflectors, which might result in missing surface data, are major challenges of the system. In order to enlarge the depth of field and to close the data gaps, the combination of 2-DOF HFUS tooth micro-scanning and 3D synthetic aperture focusing based on a virtual point source (VSAFT) followed by thin plate spline robust point matching (TPS-RPM) based image segmentation is being investigated in this Study. A human molar prepared for crown insertion was scanned in a water tank using an extra-oral laboratory version of the 2-DOF HFUS micro-scanner (75 MHz). RF-data was collected, filtered and processed with 3D VSAFT. After demodulation to base-band and linear gray-value coding, threshold-based maxima detection was applied in order to separate tooth surface echoes (TSE). Then, missing surface data, e.g. parts of the lateral walls of the teeth, were estimated using a TPS-RPM based 2D segmentation approach whereas the initial deformable model was generated based on the TSE data itself. The so reconstructed surface model was compared to a reference model of the same tooth which was automatically scanned by an extra-oral laser-scanning system. The negative / positive mean deviation between the HFUS reconstructed surface model and reference scan was -58 μm/+25 μm, respectively. The standard deviation was 56 μm. Although the acc..."
" Novel multi-tooth variable flux reluctance machines (VFRMs), which adopt doubly salient stator and rotor structure with nonoverlapping stator ac armature and dc field windings, are investigated in this paper. The rotor pole number can be any integer except the phase number and its multiples. Meanwhile, to obtain symmetrical bipolar phase flux-linkage and back electromotive force waveforms, the ratio of stator pole number to the greatest common divisor of stator- and rotor-pole numbers should be even integers. Furthermore, under the same rated copper loss and stator outer radius as well as 6-pole stator, 4-tooth per stator pole VFRMs in which the stator and rotor pole number determined by N
r
 = nN
s
 ± 1 (n is the number of small teeth per stator pole) exhibit the highest average torque. Moreover, compared with the optimal 6/7 stator/rotor pole single-tooth VFRM, the 6/25 stator/rotor pole 4-tooth VFRM has more sinusoidal and larger back EMF, negligible cogging torque, lower torque ripple, and higher torque capability at relatively low copper loss. Similar to single-tooth VFRMs, 4-tooth VFRMs with N
r
 = nN
s
 ± 1 exhibit more sinusoidal back EMF and larger torque than that of VFRMs with N
r
 = nN
s
 ± 2. The analyses are experimentally validated by several prototype machines."
" The new stator structure with magnetic flux-barriers in the stator yoke or tooth region represents an efficient method for reducing the sub-harmonics of electric machines with fractional slots, tooth-concentrated windings. In this paper the both flux-barriers techniques are considered during the analysis of different PM machines. The 12-teeth single-layer and double-layer concentrated winding in combination with a 10-poles and 14-poles PM rotor are investigated. For the all machine topologies the new stator design is used to improve their performances and characteristics. The flux-barrier effects on the main machine parameters, such as in the air-gap flux density harmonics, dq-machine parameters, characteristic currents, electromagnetic torque, and so on, are studied carefully. Comparisons performed with the analogous conventional machines (with conventional stator) show that, the new stator design offers significant advantages."
" In this paper a novel method of determining optimal stator winding layouts for the permanent magnet with fractional slot concentrated winding machines is presented. This method based on a multiobject if genetic algorithm coupled to an analytical model of the MMF produced by the stator windings aims to reduce the harmonic content while maintaining a good winding factor for the working harmonic. The advantage of such an approach is that new degrees of freedom (irregular slot distribution, non-uniform distribution of the number of turns) likely to improve the distribution of the MMF waveform are taken into account. The example of application is given for two specific three phase windings; the first is characterized by a working harmonic of order five and the second by a working harmonic of order seven."
" This paper presents the electromagnetic design and analysis of a salient-pole synchronous machine for use as a wheel hub drive in an electric vehicle. To achieve high efficiency and torque density, recently patented cast coils are considered in a tooth-coil stator winding topology that allow slot fill factors of up to 90%. The selection of the number of stator slots and the number of poles is discussed to meet the requirements for a highly integrated wheel hub drive. For this entirely innovative design, a rotating transformer is used for field voltage supply. Three different machines are compared using finite element methods (FEM) for electromagnetic analysis along with lumped thermal networks to simulate transient and stationary temperature distribution for continuous load and with respect to driving cycles. The most promising machine configuration is electromagnetically optimized, and simulations of real-life driving cycles show its technical capability for automotive applications."
" This paper describes an optimization of the stator geometry in a way that the torque ripple at particular load is reduced. The principle applied to the torque ripple reduction is based on the synchronous inductance variation suppression, caused by the non-linear steel saturation, which might be significant even in permanent magnet synchronous motors (PMSMs) with rotor surface permanent magnets. The design optimization, described in this paper, aims in reducing the armature reaction influence on the local steel saturation in fractional slot permanent magnet synchronous machines (FSPMSM) by rearranging of the stator teeth widths. The optimization was defined by means of magnetic equivalent circuit model (lumped model), and verified with finite element method (FEM)."
" The saturation in the stator teeth of an 18-slots 16-poles TC-PMSM with sinusoidal current supply caused by the interaction of armature reaction fluxes and rotor-PM-produced fluxes is studied. It is found that under load some teeth are saturated deeper than others. An increase in the width of these teeth reduces the oversaturation, which locally prevents the decrease in the inductance and back-EMF, and, consequently, reduces the torque ripple in the machine. The proposed technique can also be applied to other types of TC-PMSMs."
" This paper presents a comparison of two inlet permanent magnet synchronous machines with concentrated windings. A novel 24-teeth/28-poles machine design with flux barriers in the stator teeth is compared to a common 30-teeth/20-poles design, which is widely used for hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) applications. Detailed comparison of important machine characteristics such as torque ripple, iron losses, eddy current losses in the magnets, axial length and machine weight is presented. According to the study, the novel 24-teeth/28-poles machine design offers a high saving potential concerning the space requirement and production costs. At the same time this machine topology generates a smoother torque compared to the 30-teeth/20-poles topology."
 Novel fractional slots tooth concentrated windings often consist of several winding systems. This structure allows creating good MMF distributions with low space harmonic contents. A good example is the combined wye-delta winding. Methods presented in this paper allow additional optimization steps in already designed electric machines containing the combined wye-delta winding even with fixed number of turns and fixed machine geometry: - Minimization of the ohmic resistance - Saving of conductor material without any negative impact on the machine behavior - Improvement or even optimization of the heat distribution over the circumference of the machine supporting the cooling system.
" This paper undertakes a comparative study between two different in-wheel Surface Mounted Permanent Magnet motors with Fractional Slot Concentrated Winding configurations designed for a light electric vehicle application. For the design of both motors two different approaches are followed, regarding the winding configuration and the relative dimensions of the motor, i.e. axial length and air-gap diameter, and additionally two alternative strategies are adopted concerning the selection of the reference operational point. The first motor comprises a double layer concentrated winding with all teeth wound while is slightly over-dimensioned increasing efficiency during overload operation. A single layer concentrated winding with alternate teeth wound and unequal teeth distribution is adopted for the second motor dimensioned in terms of weight minimization considering the nominal load operation. For the optimization of the first alternative, Taguchi's method is utilized, while for the latter one a Strength Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm variant is developed. Both performances are validated by examining manufactured prototypes under real conditions."
" Switched reluctance machines (SRMs) have been comprehensively researched, and they play an important role in the modern industrial field. The topology of SRMs is quite simple and only one set of windings is employed. Consequently, the winding configuration has an essential impact on performance. In this paper, a new winding configuration for SRMs with only half-teeth wound (HT-SRM) is proposed, which is totally different from the conventional SRMs with full-teeth wound (FT-SRM). First, the basic topology and operating principle of HT-SRMs are presented by a three-phase 12/8 prototype. Then, based on the 2-D finite element analysis, an optimization of the original 12/8 HT-SRM is conducted and a series of static characteristics of three SRMs, namely, a conventional 12/8 FT-SRM, an original 12/8 HT-SRM with the same iron laminations, and an optimal HT-SRM with the optimized dimensions, are compared. Finally, three 12/8 SRM prototypes are fabricated and the experimental results verify the theoretical analysis and the corresponding finite element analysis-based predictions."
" Our goal is to create biomimetic three-dimensional (3D) tooth constructs as novel regenerative tools and models for bioengineered replacement teeth in humans. We use natural tooth development as a template to guide our biomimetic design, aiming to overcome disadvantages of artificial dental implants. Our biomimetic 3D tooth models are designed to facilitate the reciprocal interactions between the dental epithelium (DE) and dental mesenchyme (DM) that are required for dental cell differentiation and mineralized tooth formation. In this study we utilized tunable Gelatin Methacrylate (GelMA) hydrogel as a scaffold material for dental cell encapsulation. We hypothesized that GelMA formulas could be optimized to closely resemble the physiological properties of the natural tooth bud environment, thus facilitating bioengineered tooth formation. To test this, atomic force microscopy (AFM) was used to measure the elasticity of dental cell seeded GelMA constructs of three hydrogel formulas in order to identify those most closely resembling natural tooth bud tissues. Analysis of in vitro cultured DE/DM encapsulated GelMA constructs using bright field microscopy, metabolic assays, histology and immunofluorescent histochemisty, revealed distinct DE and DM cell behaviors in each GelMA formula. Subcutaneous implantation of dental cell seeded bilayered GelMA constructs resulted in mineralized tissue formation. We conclude that GelMA hydrogel formulas support dental cell differentiation, validating GelMA as a suitable platform for further development of a biomimetic tooth model."
" Addressing power density and costs as major success factors for drivetrain solutions for e-mobility, a holistic system concept is necessary. Approaches which integrate e-machine, power electronics, control, gearing and cooling into a common housing offer high potential for compact and cost efficient (H)EV drivetrains. The transition to distributed multiphase inverter and motor concepts enables a novel level of system integration. A new smart stator tooth concept is presented. It comprises the integration of a segmented stator tooth together with dedicated power electronics and control electronics. This enables new degrees of freedom in terms of motor design, assembly and control."
" Health monitoring of gearboxes can significantly improve the ability of Condition-Based Maintenance (CBM) of the systems. One of the motivations of traditional health monitoring is to support fault diagnosis, but the monitoring results can't provide available information for CBM. Hence, this paper proposes an approach to select optimal monitoring parameters and the corresponding condition indicators for a gearbox system based on damage dynamics. With the analytical formulations of tooth crack, the dependencies among crack levels and the reduction of mesh stiffness are able to obtained, then the damage dynamics of the gearbox system can be built. Afterwards, the dynamic responses of generalized parameters in the models of various damage levels can be simulated, and their condition indicators can be obtained by using effective signal processing methods. Then, the sensitivities of each generalized parameter to tooth crack can be calculated, and the optimal monitoring parameters can be determined according to the size of sensitivities."
" A novel variable reluctance (VR) resolver with nonoverlapping tooth-coil windings is proposed in this paper. It significantly simplifies the manufacturing process of multilayer windings in conventional products. Finite element (FE) analysis is used to illustrate the basic operating principle, followed by analytical derivation of main parameters and optimization of major dimensions, including air-gap length and slot opening width. Based on winding distributions and FE results, it is shown that identical stator and winding can be employed for a resolver with three different numbers of rotor poles. Further, other stator slot/rotor pole combinations based on the nonoverlapping tooth-coil windings are generalized. In addition, the influence of eccentricity and end-winding leakage on the proposed topology is investigated. Finally, a prototype is fabricated and tested to verify the analysis, including main parameters and electrical angle error."
" Cone-beam dental computerized tomography has been introduced as a system geared towards maxillofacial imaging, which is gradually becoming a common tool within the dental industry. Segmentation of teeth from dental CT data is vital for a variety of computer-aided procedures such as dental implants, orthodontic planning and cosmetic surgeries. Teeth segmentations near soft tissue structures can help clinicians to assess the quality of a patient's teeth more easily. Moreover, the ability to identify particular regions surrounding teeth can help to provide better image results generated using 3D surface/volume rendering techniques. This paper, presents an experimental study for teeth segmentation employing two different thresholding techniques. The performances of these techniques are compared with each other. The experimental results show that there is a noticeable difference in segmentation quality between the two methods presented in this paper."
" Currently, many patients are interested in esthetic dentistry treatments for various reasons: from the search for personal satisfaction, up to needs labor type. The esthetic dentistry reference in our society is determined by several factors, including one that produces more dissatisfaction is abnormal tooth color or that does not meet the patient's expectations. For this reason it has been designed and implemented an algorithm in MATLAB that captures, digitizes, pre-processing and analyze dental imaging by allowing to evaluate the degree of bleaching caused by the use of mouthwash. The samples analyzed were human teeth extracted, which were subjected to different concentrations of mouthwash of several brands or manufacturers that offer teeth whitening when using these products, different concentrations of hydrogen peroxide were also used because this is the component principal in whitening products."
" The paper does research on the 6Slot-5Pole Permanent Magnet Flux Switching Linear Machines (PMFSLM), and analyze the permanent magnet flux, EMF symmetry, inductance curve based on the finite element method. Compared the current, voltage, and thrust of sine-wave drive with that of square wave drive often used in the simulation, then comprehensively select the drive mode. Reduce cogging force by the use of a method of adding auxiliary tooth length, the results show that the method is suitable for PMFSLM."
" The flux-switching permanent magnet (FSPM) machine is widely investigated due to the advantages such as ease of the PM heat management, simple and robust structure of the rotor, high power density and torque density, sinusoidal back electromotive force (EMF) and fault-tolerance capability. The purpose of this paper is to propose a C-core linear FSPM machine for ropeless elevator, in which two positive additional teeth are employed at the each end of the primary side to reduce the asymmetry caused by the end effect. Firstly, the structure of the proposed machine is presented. Then the performances of the proposed machine are analyzed and compared with the counterpart without additional teeth based on the finite element analysis (FEA). The results verify the feasibility of the positive additional teeth."
" Flux Switching Permanent Magnet Machine (FSPM) is categorized as a newest type of machine which has the benefits of brushless permanent magnet (PM) and switched reluctance machine (SRM) simultaneously. The illustrious obtained characteristics from those mentioned machines such as fault tolerant capability, high torque and power density and simple structure provide a very bright future for FSPM in wind turbine power application. In this paper a thorough sensitivity analysis is presented. Firstly the simulation is carried out to achieve the best PM width in order to reduce the total cost while the proper electromagnetic performance of the machine is achieved. Secondly the stator and rotor teeth are changed with the specific step in a reasonable range in order to perfectly analysis the effect of them on electromagnetic force (EMF), output power and electromagnetic torque novel outer rotor configuration design of FSPM is proposed."
" We will present in this paper a method for the reconstruction of the oral 3D structure using Computed Tomography (CT) sections obtained from Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT). A high-quality visualization of the dental tissues, based nowadays on fine 3D reconstruction, is essential for accurate diagnosis and treatments. Dental CBCT images present several major problems because of the noisiness and of the configuration of the system. We tried several algorithms in order to overcome these issues and to obtain a feasible and efficient method that can be used directly in the clinical procedures. Our approach includes novel procedures like the delimitation of the region of interest and the combination of registration and segmentation steps, which grant faster results and open the route to better representations."
" This paper proposed a model to simulate microparts feeding and an alignment method to conduct microparts following a desired path. On the model aspect, we considered the effect of surrounding fluid the feeding velocity. The attained results show that the model with fluid drag predicted well the behavior and magnitude of the feeding velocity in comparison with experiment data, while the model without fluid drag overestimated the feeding velocity. It implied that fluid plays an important role in the motion of the sub-millimeter microparts. In addition, a simple method to align microparts following a desired path on symmetrical vibrating surface was proposed."
" This paper investigates the maximum torque capability and torque ripple reduction using the asymmetric stator teeth for interior permanence magnet (IPM) synchronous machines. Traditional electric machines have the identical width for all stator teeth and the winding function is fixed. Using different widths for different stator teeth changes the winding function, therefore, the torque ripple components. The mathematical modeling of interior permanent magnet (IPM) synchronous machine torque ripple and finite element analysis simulation results for the characteristic properties of electric machines are presented. Compared with a similar rating IPM machine, certain combinations of the teeth widths can reduce the torque ripple by 80% with less than 4% average torque decline."
" This paper presents an analytical method for the calculation of magnetic field distribution, electromagnetic performances and equivalent circuit parameters of multiphase double cage rotor induction motors in healthy and broken bars condition. The proposed static model takes into account stator and rotor slotting and stator and rotor tooth-tips. A 2D exact complex analytical solution of magnetic field distribution is established. It involves solution of Poisson's, Laplace's and Helmholtz's equations in stator slots, airgap and rotor conductive bars regions respectively. Obtained exact analytical results are verified with those issued from static complex finite element method (Fem)."
" The standard practice of dental extraction is performed using rigid instruments in a process involving high mechanical strength and a post-operative painful for patients. This work presents the stages of design and development of an instrument capable of acting in the most critical phase of the process, with induction of vibration at high frequencies, and it is expected to decrease the required the extraction force to perform as well as damages caused by the present procedure."
" Three novel nonenzymatic sensors based on the modification of a glassy carbon electrode with nanoparticles of Fe
3+
, Cu
2+
, or Ni
2+
 Prussian blue (PB) derivatives are proposed herein. The Fe
3+
-, Cu
2+
-, and Ni
2+
-modified PB nanoparticles were supported in an environmentally friendly chemical product known as melanin. The nanomaterials prepared were characterized by transmission electron microscopy images, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, and cyclic voltammetry. The drop casting method was used to build the enzymeless sensors, which were able to catalyze the oxidation of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) at +1.5 V. The calibration curves obtained by amperometry were linear in the range of 0.1-13 mmol L
-1
. Several figures of merit were obtained in order to characterize the analytical electrochemical behavior of the as-prepared sensors. For instance, the detection limits achieved were 0.14, 0.32, and 0.57 μmol L
-1
 for the melanin-capped modified PB nanoparticle sensor containing, respectively, Fe
3+
, Cu
2+
, and Ni
2+
 ions. These values are lower than the detection limits provided by other nonenzymatic sensors. The sensors were applied for the detection of H
2
O
2
 in tooth whitening gel. The results obtained were compared with those of the standard method."
" This paper presents single-layer modular permanent-magnet machines with either wound or unwound teeth with tooth tips. The structures with wound teeth having tooth tips are suitable for modular machines with slot number higher than pole number to compensate for the drop in winding factor due to the flux gaps in alternate stator teeth, accordingly to maintain or even to increase their average torques. However, the structures with unwound teeth having tooth tips are suitable for modular machines with slot number lower than pole number to increase the winding factor and hence to further improve the machine performance. The phase back-EMF, on-load torque, iron and copper losses, as well as efficiency have been calculated using FE analysis for different slot/pole number combinations, and for different flux gap and tooth tip widths. It is found that by properly choosing the flux gap and tooth tip widths, both the on-load torque performance and the efficiency can be optimized for the investigated machines with different slot/pole number combinations. Experiments have been carried out to validate the FE results."
" This paper displays a structure of the work exercised through the DM methods which helps in the prediction and treatment of various diseases. This examines two problems (elongated work based on prediction of RCT and Heart Disease) with classification technique based on cross validation, decision tree to discover RCT, split validation and model to detect heart disease before probing advice from the doctor. The important aim of this paper is to treat whether there is a need of RCT or not with different input values of an attributes. All these symptoms or attributes are examined to arrive at a decision that person with an age greater than eighteen and having sensitivity issues have greater probability of root canal treatment. There are more chances of patient being prone to a heart problem through attributes like age, root canal treatment, diabetes and smoking. The introduced system comprise the union of computer-based patient records with clinical decision support can lower down medical mistakes, unwanted practice variation and helps in making efficient patient safety and outcome."
" Many control schemes rely on an analytical model of the servomechanism to be controlled, and hence, accurate knowledge about the position- and time-dependent parameter variability becomes crucial in many contexts, such as robust control methods. Although a properly designed robust controller can cope with a large parameter variation, real-time identification of the system parameter behavior could lead to several advantages by means of monitoring the varying dynamics, e.g., the predetermined uncertainty region around the nominal value. This paper addresses issues in online parameter estimation of a linear tooth belt drive with a limited stroke. Particular attention is paid to detecting the position-dependent changes in the system dynamics by using recursive least squares algorithm and exciting the system in different cart positions in order to identify the varying dynamics. The algorithm used is based on an indirect output-error identification scheme. The experimentally estimated parameters are compared with the corresponding two-mass model parameters. The results show an acceptable agreement and demonstrate the feasibility of the estimation method to estimate the parameters of a closed-loop controlled servomechanism with a limited stroke and time-varying parameters."
" This paper presents a simple analytical model for two types of three-phase surface-mounted permanent magnet machines: modular and unequal tooth (UNET) width machines with different slot/pole number combinations. It is based on the slotless open-circuit air-gap flux density and the slotted air-gap relative permeance calculations. This model allows calculating the opencircuit air-gap flux density, phase flux linkage, back electromotive force, and average torque of both the modular and UNET machines. Its accuracy has been validated by the 2-D finite-element (FE) method. A flux focusing/defocusing factor has also been introduced to analyze the influence of flux gaps in alternate stator teeth of modular machines on the machine electromagnetic performances. It has been found that by properly choosing the slot/pole number combination and flux gap width, the open-circuit air-gap flux density, the winding factor, and the flux focusing effect can all be improved. As a result, the performance of the modular machine can be significantly boosted. The analytical and FE models have been validated by experiments."
" The current approach for mining of Poly-metallic nodules at a water depth of 6000m uses a tracked vehicle for locomotion on seabed. As the sea bed sediments are very soft clays, it is necessary to study the soil machine interaction characteristics. The extent of sinkage of mining machine in very soft clays is critical as the soil resistances acting on the mining machine depends on the amount of sinkage. The present study aims to determine the bearing capacity and sinkage in very soft clays under various normal loads for shear strength ranging from 1 to 3kPa. Effect of pitch and height of grouser teeth of the tracked vehicle on sinkage is also studied. Determination of breakout forces for mining machine is also important for the safe retrieval of mining machine. The variation in breakout force with sinkage is described in this study. The size effect on sinkage is studied through experiments on plates of varying dimensions."
" A multi-tooth switched-flux linear motor (MTSFLM), with a novel armature structure, is proposed. In its armature the height of permanent magnets (PMs) is not the same as that of iron cores, which is different with conventional switched-flux motor (SFM). Firstly, a MTSFLM with the same tooth-slot parameters as the corresponding rotatory motor is showed, pointing out that its coil areas is much smaller than that of the rotatory form. The MTSFLM with 2.5 times high armature is discussed then to enlarger slot areas. Secondly, it is pointed out that MTSFLM with higher armature may lead to serious saturation if the height of iron core and the height of PMs are still kept the same as conventional design. A MTSFLM with shorter PMs, than the height of corresponding iron cores, in armature is proposed. And the height optimization of the PMs is then investigated to produce optimum output characteristics. Thirdly, the unique impacts of yoke height and gap distance on optimum PMs height value are discussed. Finally, a prototype with optimized structure parameters is presented. The measured back-EMF, detent force data are compared with those from FEM, and the result curves validated aforesaid analyses."
" This paper presents a study of the effects that the shoe shape of the teeth of electrical machines has on the performance and losses. This is done by considering a concentrated wound, high-speed permanent magnet generator. The paper investigates the influence of the tooth shoe shape on the machine magnetic circuit and the losses distribution based on analytical and finite-element analysis (FEA). A shape coefficient K
t
 is proposed to provide an optimized design reference. A comprehensive analytical tool able to study the variations of the machine performance parameters is proposed. The deduced optimization function is normalized using the non-equilibrium relative weighting method, and then, it is processed via a genetic algorithm to achieve the optimized design. FEA is used to validate the proposed analytical tool and the optimum design."
" Tooth extraction is a typical process in clinical dental operations. Interactive haptic simulation of tooth extraction may provide a useful tool for dental students to learn the correct force pattern and tool posture to accomplish a safe tooth extraction. In this paper, we extended our previous configuration-based optimization approach to simulate the six Degree-of-Freedom (DoF) haptic interaction process of tooth extraction. A multi-phase model was proposed to simulate progressive changes of the connection strength between the target tooth and its surrounding gingiva. An energy accumulation model was proposed to compute the small-scale rotation and translation of the target tooth under active forces from a dental forceps. The proposed approach could support training of coordinated force and motion control skill required for tooth extraction. Experimental results validated the stability and efficiency of the proposed approach to simulate various force-displacement profiles for extracting diversified target teeth."
" Light-transmitting fiber posts are recognized to potentially improve the cements polymerization, thus potentially improving the bonding of the endodontics restoration. However, different posts generally have completely different light transmission, hence it is important to be able to compare their optical performances. In this paper a simple measuring system able to compare the exitance generate by different light-transmitting fiber posts is proposed. The described measuring system is based on a microscope and a digital camera coupled to its optics. A simplified calibration and a detailed measurement procedure are described and investigated. Then, data obtained from the analysis of some commercial light-transmitting fiber posts are reported and briefly discussed. Even though, mechanical properties, biocompatibility and aesthetics have to be taken into account once choosing the post, the data provided by the proposed measuring system may support in choosing the post and, defining the proper light-source power and exposure duration."
" Axial-field flux-switching permanent magnet machine (AFFSPMM) is a novel PM machine with high power density and efficiency. However, the cogging torque in AFFSPMM is larger than that in the traditional PM machine because of the double salient structure. In order to reduce the cogging torque, the cogging torque reduction method by rotor tooth notching is investigated in this paper. Three different tooth-notching structures are proposed, and the influence of the dummy slot width, slot depth, and slot shape angle on the cogging torque is analyzed based on the 3-D finite-element method (FEM). The optimized tooth-notching structure with the minimum cogging torque is obtained by the response surface method and verified by an FEM. The results show that the cogging torque can be reduced greatly, while the output torque decreases slightly by rotor tooth notching in AFFSPMM. The cogging torque reduction effect by adding two dummy slots in the rotor pole is better than that by adding one dummy slot."
" We present in this paper a fast method for the reconstruction of the dental 3D structure using the images obtained from Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT). A high-quality visualization of the dental tissues, including 3D reconstruction, is essential for the accurate diagnosis and treatment in dentistry. The segmentation for the dental CBCT images presents several major problems because of the noisiness of the images. We analyze the existing methods and propose one that uses the information for the dental structure and distribution to reduce the computational load and to provide good results in an automatic procedure."
 This paper proposes an extended set of variables for numerical optimizations of tooth-coil permanent magnet synchronous machines (TC-PMSMs). The design variables for the extended set are chosen based on the magnetic asymmetries introduced by the saturated core under the loading conditions. The extended set allows to reach considerably higher values of torque density and significant reduction of torque ripple in comparison with a conventional set of optimization variables. The conventional and extended sets are compared on an example of an finite element method simulation of a double-layer winding surface permanent magnet-rotor TC-PMSM. A considerably better optimal machine is obtained when the extended set of variables is utilized. The paper showcases the design and the optimization of electrical machines using only free and open-source software.
" The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of cold atmospheric pressure plasma for endodontic treatment to sterilize tooth root canals which were infected with Enterococcus faecalis. Treatment of root canal infection is difficult, because it is difficult to penetrate irregular and narrow spaces, killing the pathogens; thus, infections frequently recur. Since plasma is reliable and user friendly, cold plasma treatment in comparison with other conventional methods such as using calcium hydroxide (Ca[OH]2) has more efficiency in root canal therapy. Colony forming unit counting is used to investigate the effect of different treatment times and voltages with plasma on killing of bacteria. Scanning electron microscopy is used to examine the morphological changes of bacteria located on the root canal wall of the untreated and plasma treated group. Optical emission spectroscopy is employed to investigate the active spices which are generated in plasma."
 This paper investigates influence of modified stator geometry on self-sensing capability of 3-phase TC-PMSMs. Asymmetrical geometry modifications compensate for local over-saturations under loading conditions and improve torque quality in TC-PMSMs. It is shown that self-sensing capability in the typical region of operation is also improved.
" This paper presents a method for hidden pattern mining on dental medical records related to oral conditions and different procedures that are performed on various patients. The decision to follow a set of procedures is based on the examination and diagnostics. Nowadays there is an increasing trend towards digital dentistry, but the full potential of digital data is not yet exploited because of several reasons. These reasons include technical issues like heterogeneous data gathering, storage strategies, restricted access or limited patient data and lack of expert systems over the gathered information. The paper addresses some of these issues and proposes a way to handle dental medical records. Data mining operations are performed to extract valuable rules and various interesting patterns along with their key indicators. No such work is yet performed in Pakistan in the field of dentistry. To this end, we analyze a real example of a dental hospital from Pakistan that treats patients (diagnosis and processes). Also, it is obvious that dental processes are far complex, which require an extensive domain expert knowledge for their manipulation. We use unsupervised learning techniques to perform clustering in order to discover interesting patterns that help us to determine the state of a patient at a particular instance by assigning them a label class. These patterns will also be helpful to medical practitioners to treat their patients wisely that what problems a particular patient may face. Research shows that most of the patients belong to mild and moderate dental patient's class. The most common problem that is being noticed in patients is tooth cavity with a treatment named “resin-based composite - one surface, posterior”. Also, we apply other well-known clustering algorithms on our dataset to analyze performance measures."
" In order to obtain the changing pattern of meshing force for broken tooth gear meshing and evaluate quantitatively the battle damage degree of involute gear transmission system, a computation method based on dynamic simulation was proposed. The 3D model of broken gear is established through Pro/E and the dynamic model of involute gear transmission system is established by using the dynamic simulation software ADAMS based on the Hertz contact theory. The model of the gear with different number and position of broken tooth is established when the coincidence degree is known. The simulation results show the meshing force fluctuation frequency and fluctuation amplitude of the gear transmission system show significant differences when the broken tooth number is different or the tooth breaking in different position, and the broken tooth leads the meshing force appears the lag phenomenon."
" This paper presents an Inverted-F Antennas (IFAs) type MIMO antenna with Wi-Fi and Blue-Tooth band for smart watch application. The overall dimensions of 40×40×5.4 mm
3
 of the proposed design consisting of an antenna portion of 40×5×0.1 mm
3
 and system ground portion of 40×40×0.4 mm
3
. The antenna geometry is composed of two identical IFA antennas extended from the two side of the ground, which designed on the FR4 substrate. The distance between both antennas is 40 mm. The measured results show that S11 is lower than -10 dB and the isolation S12 is better than -15 dB across the bands of Wi-Fi and Blue-Tooth. As these antennas are dedicated to be placed in watch, the influence of ABS and screen on the smart watch for the antenna performances is also investigated. The proposed antenna design also has good performance and small size."
" Micro-Raman spectroscopy (μ-RS) represents an appealing technique in dentistry, allowing the in-vitro detection of analytic structure and molecular composition changes of dental and oral cavity tissues. The gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) is a site-specific inflammatory exudate deriving from the epithelium lining of the gingival sulcus. The GCF analysis is useful in monitoring the factors related to the periodontal changes in response to diseases or mechanical stimuli. Therefore, the analysis of the GCF provides a simple and noninvasive diagnostic procedure to follow-up the periodontal ligament and bone remodeling during the orthodontic tooth movement. In this study, the potentiality of visible light μ-RS to evaluate GCF composition changes in the periodontium due to orthodontic forces was assessed. Sterile paper cones impregnated with GCF were collected from patients before and during an orthodontic treatment with fixed appliances and analyzed by μ-RS. A suitable numerical treatment based on wavelet-based algorithms was performed in order to eliminate the contribution of substrate and background signals on spectral data. The preliminary results showed changes in the secondary structure of Amide I band and an increase of carotenoid content in GCF during the orthodontic treatment."
" Fractional-slot non-overlapping-winding permanent magnet synchronous machine for traction application is designed. Detailed comparison of the performance of electrical machine is provided with and without semi-magnetic slot wedges. Usage of slot wedges brings some efficiency benefits while partially eliminating permanent magnet losses. It however, increases the synchronous inductance which results in lower peak torque but a higher field weakening area."
" The half-teeth-wound switched reluctance machines (HT-SRMs) having single-layer concentrated windings, feature simpler structures since the coil number is half, and phase-to-phase insulations in slot are eliminated. To evaluate the effects of winding configurations, the electromagnetic performances of HT-SRMs and conventional full-teeth-wound SRMs (FT-SRMs), including air-gap flux density, coil and phase flux linkage, inductance, torque, volt-ampere, and radial magnetic force (RMF), are comprehensively compared. The results based on theoretical analysis and finite-element (FE) method reveal that HT-SRMs would exhibit higher torque per ampere when the magnetic saturations are not too severe, whereas require higher voltage supply and generate more significant RMF. Further, it is found that the fault-tolerant capabilities of HT-SRMs are superior to FT-SRMs. A pair of prototypes with identical laminations but different winding configurations are manufactured and the experimental results confirm the predictions."
" Partially edentulous dentition presents a challenging problem for the surgical planning of digital dental occlusion in the field of craniomaxillofacial surgery because of the incorrect maxillomandibular distance caused by missing teeth. We propose an innovative approach called Dental Reconstruction with Symmetrical Teeth (DRST) to achieve accurate dental occlusion for the partially edentulous cases. In this DRST approach, the rigid transformation between two symmetrical teeth existing on the left and right dental model is estimated through probabilistic point registration by matching the two shapes. With the estimated transformation, the partially edentulous space can be virtually filled with the teeth in its symmetrical position. Dental alignment is performed by digital dental occlusion reestablishment algorithm with the reconstructed complete dental model. Satisfactory reconstruction and occlusion results are demonstrated with the synthetic and real partially edentulous models."
" Complete denture CAD/CAM technology offers the prospects of drastically reducing the time to provide service to patients. The tooth arrangement and adjustment of the occlusal surface are key steps of complete denture CAD/CAM. This work presents an effective method of tooth arrangement and virtual adjustment of the occlusal surface for complete denture. After teeth features and oral features were extracted, auto tooth arrangement for complete denture based on feature-driven method was performed. Then, interference area Detection based on seed filling algorithm was taken. Finally, Laplacian local deformation was performed to minimize the over-interference on the occlusal surface. Some examples were tested in this work and the results demonstrated that the proposed method is effective and feasible."
" This paper describes the development and evaluation of an interactive educational program, ToothPlacement and Identification Coach (ToothPIC). The program uses a game-based learning paradigm and 3D visualization techniques to allow first year dentistry and hygiene students to get familiar with dental anatomy. It provides an interactive and stimulating learning tool for acquiring basic dental skills outside of the classroom. Specifically, it uses interactive 3D graphics to teach students to identify, name, number, align, and orient teeth into their proper location in the dental arch. ToothPIC incorporates elements of a game to make learning attractive for the student. In the process, the student learns not only about the 3D features of each tooth but also about the proper placement of the tooth relative to the gingiva and other teeth. ToothPIC has two modules: Module 1 includes 32 permanent upper and lower teeth that are to be identified and placed into the surrounding gingiva. Module 2 only shows the individual teeth, one at a time, to be identified (similar to a “flash-card”). The evaluation results of ToothPIC indicate that students strongly agree that program meets its goals of self-training and self-evaluation, actively involves the students in learning and is a useful supplement to laboratory practices and lectures."
" In this document, the usage of Blue Tooth Low Energy in medical application is done. This is achieved by identifying the challenges of medical devices which are using wireless network and comparing the features of Blue Tooth LE chips to find if it is the suitable for overcome the challenges"
" This paper analytically and experimentally shows effectiveness and simplicity of mover teeth arrangement design, which dramatically reduces detent force and consequently speed ripple at low speed. For this purpose, this paper describes two design steps that include the conventional magnetic circuit optimization by response surface methodology (RSM) and a slight modification of the optimized model based on the proposed mover teeth arrangement. Two prototypes were fabricated, tested, and compared from various perspectives. It was experimentally confirmed that the proposed design is very effective in reduction of detent force and speed ripple with the least sacrifice of performance."
"Publisher: 
IEEE







Cite This
Cite This








PDF"
" Dentistry is a particularly complex and sophisticated applied science; many problems have to be solved by analyzing intensive longitudinal data. For example, dynamic carious lesion assessment requires dental researchers to perform knowledge discovery in a situation with multiple specimens across different experimental phases. The technological development and availability of cyberinfrastructure today can enable dental researchers to perform existing procedures far faster and more accurately than ever. This paper uses dynamic carious lesion activity assessment as a case study, to illustrate how visual computing on advanced cyberinfrastructure can expand beyond statistical number crunching and information retrieval to make an imaginative and creative contribution to some aspects of dental science. Our work focuses on the generation of BIG pictures on cyberinfrastructure and the presentation of derived dental structures in an interactive means, which combine to allow researchers to navigate from observation to qualitative discovery and then to quantitative assessment with multiple variables and degrees of freedom. Our work has seen early use by our collaborators in oral health research, where our system has been used to pose and answer domain-specific questions for quantitative assessment of dynamic carious lesion activities."
" The problem associated with bleached teeth is to return to the original tooth color over time. Because the long-term color stability after tooth bleaching is very important, novel technique is requested. This study is to evaluate the long-term color stability of tooth bleached by nonthermal atmospheric pressure plasma with 15% hydrogen peroxide (HP) or 15% carbamide peroxide (CP). Extracted human teeth were assigned to 4 groups (n = 10): Group 1 was treated with plasma activated 15% HP; Group 2 with 15% HP alone; Group 3 with plasma-activated 15% CP gel; and Group 4 with 15% CP alone. A low-frequency driven helium plasma jet was used. After a 30-min application, teeth were immersed in artificial saliva, and color was assessed using the CIELAB system over 6 months, with the overall color changes (ΔE) calculated relative to baseline. Hydroxyl radical concentration (·OH) was detected using methylene blue (MD) dye. Statistical analyzes were performed with Student's t-test, one-way analysis of variance, and post-hoc Duncan tests. Results: Combination treatment of plasma and 15% HP/CP resulted in higher color stability than 15% HP/CP alone throughout the whole observation period (p <; 0.05). The activity of ·OH in combined plasma and low concentration 15% HP/CP was enhanced, relative to bleaching agents alone (p <; 0.05). Long-term color stability of tooth bleaching using plasma with 15% HP/CP was retained for 6 months. Tooth bleaching with plasma is an important factor for ·OH production, which is key to the bleaching effect."
" Novel stator slot permanent magnet (SSPM) machines with doubly salient structure have attractive features, such as a robust rotor and fail-safe capability during faults due to their peculiar PM excitation characteristics. In this paper, average electromagnetic torque production in SSPM machines is investigated using the frozen permeability analysis for the 12/10 stator/rotor pole machine. The single layer (SL) and double layer (DL) winding SSPM machines with 12/10 stator/rotor poles are further investigated, accounting for the influence of stator tooth-tips. The key findings include that the average electromagnetic torque can be enhanced by 9%-10% at the rated current for the DL and SL winding machines with stator tooth-tips. The influence of design parameters, open-circuit characteristics, inductances, electromagnetic torque, torque ripple, and losses is studied. Finally, the 2-D finite-element analysis is experimentally validated."
" The dental instruments are reutilized being subjected to sterilization process because of the high costs of the dental instruments. For this reason, sterilization process is highly important for dentistry. Microorganism can infect to the dental instrument used for a patient, from the patients' saliva, respiratory secretion and blood. This situation poses a risk for the other patients and dentists. For this reason, sterilization process is realized. At the present time, the most reliable and effective method for the sterilization methods are dry heat and pressurized steam methods. In this study, medical instrumentation is made for sterilization using the dry heat method."
" In this study,the academic studies conducted in biomedical field through the cooperation among engineering, medicine and dentistry faculties has been investigated. Through this assessment, field of studies in medicine and dentistry faculties and put out the status of their cooperation with the engineering faculty during the study of this subject."
" An axial-field flux-switching permanent-magnet machine (AFFSPMM) is suitable to be used in wind power generation and electric vehicles. However, the cogging torque (Tcog) is large. To obtain high-performance AFFSPMM, the reduction of Tcog in AFFSPMM is investigated. The theoretical Tcog expression is deduced. Based on a 3-D finite-element method, the influences of the design parameters on the Tcog and the reduction methods of Tcog, such as rotor tooth skewing (RTS), rotor tooth circumferential pairing (RTCP), and rotor tooth notching (RTN), are analyzed. The design parameters, except the axial length of rotor, have influences on Tcog, and optimizing the design parameters can decrease Tcog. Tcog can be greatly reduced by RTS for AFFSPMM with a parallel stator tooth and fan-shape permanent-magnet structure. However, RTS is not effective in reducing Tcog for AFFSPMM with a fan-shape stator tooth and parallel PM (FSST-PPM) structure. Tcog greatly decreases by RTN and RTCP for an FSST-PPM stator structure. Moreover, the reduction effect of Tcog with RTN is better than that with RTCP."
" Metal magnetic memory (MMM) detecting technique, an alternative method for ferromagnetic components and structures failure prognostics, has attracted great attentions from many research groups. Gears endure complex stress during the meshing process. Any tiny defect in the gear tooth is likely to be the cause of great accidents after some amount of load cycles if it is not detected and treated in time. The key point of applying MMM method to gear tooth is to characterize the feature of the MMM signal during the gear damage fatigue process. In the paper, the total life bending fatigue test of a kind of spur gear is carried out with dynamic sinusoidal cycle loads. The test comes to a stop when there is obvious fatigue damage occurred. During the testing process, both the normal and tangential MMM signals along the tooth top are measured after some amount of load cycles. The characteristics of the MMM signals during the fatigue process of the gear are analyzed and features for the MMM signals are extracted, which can be beneficial to the early prognosis of the fatigue damage of spur gear tooth."
" In order to adjust the air-gap magnetic field of the permanent magnet(PM) machine, one hybrid excitation permanent magnet synchronous generator(HEPMSG) utilizing tooth harmonic for excitation was proposed. This paper introduced the structure and principle of the HEPMSG, and the wireless transmission technology was applied for the field current control of the tooth harmonic excitation system. The rotor tooth harmonic excitation control circuit of the HEPMSG was studied, including the excitation main circuit, the driving circuit, the wireless signal receiver and its processing circuit, and the power supply circuit. Finally, some experiments were performed for one HEPMSG utilizing tooth harmonic for excitation, and the experimental results verified the correctness and effectiveness of the proposed HEPMSG."
" Zero Emissions, non-polluting vehicles like Electric vehicles are top priority need to save world environment, limited fossil fuel resources and increasing problem in road transportation. Modern Electric Trolley Buses(ETBs) are suitable except their current collector systems i.e. pole adaptors system which creates many operational problems in comparison to fuel buses. An innovative design of Current Collector (ECC) based on single pantograph managing both overhead wires on single arm is developed for free connectivity and flexibility to ETBs without short circuit. It is helpful for electrification of public road transportation and eco-friendly system."
" Edge detection is an important task in image processing, many times as part of the segmentation process. When segmentation is performed in medical imaging, one of the preferred tools is neural networks, because of their capabilities of adaptive learning and non-linear mapping. We present in this paper the neural network tools used for edge detection and we propose one that is able to perform edge detection in dental Cone Beam Computer Tomography (CBCT) images, a necessary step for the teeth 3D reconstruction."
" The algorithm described in this paper is part of a program supporting the process of teeth contour detection, segmentation and 3D reconstruction. The data is taken from dental conical tomographies. Automatic contour detection starts by filtering the image according to an adaptive threshold. The region of interest is established and the tooth contour is determined using the possible edge directions. The applied method is innovative for the contour detection, because it exploits the domain knowledge, where each tooth (incisor, canine, premolar, molar) has a certain shape. For touching teeth, the delimitation is automatically performed by drawing a line using the Bresenham algorithm. The algorithm will further contribute to the determination and treatment of teeth pathologies."
" This paper presents a new three phase single tooth concentrated winding topology. With the new locally asymmetric configuration, each individual harmonic can be addressed, so operations with any number of pairs of poles are possible. Furthermore, the new arrangement of single coils presented here allows variations of winding characteristics such as winding factor, spectrum of the magnetomotive force etc. Using a combination of this winding with a squirrel-cage rotor shape a robust and reasonable solution for implementation in safety-critical but cost effective automotive applications, especially in case of strictly limited axial machine dimension. In this paper three different winding layouts are compared on a very compact installation space, specified for a 30 kW starter-generator."
" Two low-power High-Speed Permanent Magnet Synchronous Machines (HS PMSM) are reviewed. The powers and speeds of the machines are 3.5 kW at 45 000 rpm and 11 kW at 31 200 rpm. Both machines under consideration have 6 slots and 2 poles and they are both using Tooth-Coil (TC) windings also known as non-overlapping concentrated windings. The rotors of the discussed machines consist of the diametrically magnetized full cylindrical Permanent Magnet (PM) inside a retaining sleeve. The similarities and differences between these two machines are described and explained. The analysis of the air gap flux density, its harmonic content, and loss distribution in comparison with a Distributed Windings (DW) solution is presented with the example of an 11 kW machine. The analytical and numerical calculations are verified by the experimental data. Based on this analysis, conclusions will be drawn regarding the suitability of the implemented topology for a high-speed machinery."
" This paper presents a design of a two-pole high voltage induction machine with concentrated coils wound on twelve stator teeth. Using a combined wye-delta winding a magnetomotive force distribution with a low content of space harmonics is created. For suppression of still existing undesirable slot harmonics, a special interconnection of rotor bars is examined. In addition to the design with a finite element method, an analytical approach was made in order to verify the obtained results. Particular attention is paid to the following points: - Reduction of installation space - Reduction of production costs - Evaluation of currents and magnetic fields."
" Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) is one of the favorite imaging technologies in dentistry because if offers 3D images in conditions of reduced irradiation. High quality 3D imaging is essential for first-rate diagnostic and treatment, despite the rather low quality images, with low contrast and high noise. The paper presents an automatic method for 3D reconstruction of the oral cavity. We analyze the existing state of the art in the field and propose a segmentation method that uses the domain knowledge related to mouth and teeth to reduce the computational load and to provide good results in an automatic procedure. The method is based on a Canny type edge detector, that was found to offer better control than active contour methods."
" While most dental clinicians use some sort of information system, they are mainly for administrative purposes, with a noticeable lack in advisory features such as decision support in clinical situations. It will be exciting to see more research done to enable a robust system that can fit within the clinical workflow of the dentist to be used as a diagnostic tool at point-of-care, especially in drug prescription. With this motivation in mind, this paper proposes a model to store interactive drug-pairs and other useful information such as side-effects of the drugs. By traversing through these drug-pairs, potential interactions can be highlighted to the dentist by considering the personalised medical and drug profiles of the patient. This will enhance the potential for seamless integration of a robust, intelligent and scalable diagnostic tool within the clinical workflow of a dental clinic, thereby reducing prescription errors and increasing productivity of the dental practice."
" This paper introduces a new scanning system which collects structural information of tooth surface and enamel-dentine junction. A 3D motorized scanning stage is used to control the moving trajectories of an A-mode transducer so as to acquire the echoes from the surface of a tooth. The enamel in a 3D form will be reconstructed with this system. Despite some discontinuous areas appearing in the 3D image, the 3D representations of human molars well duplicate the real samples and the thickness of enamel can be measured."
" Although a permanent-magnet linear synchronous motor enables high speed and high thrust compared with rotational equipment, its application in long-distance transport systems has been delayed because of high installation costs. Therefore, by proposing a stationary discontinuous armature system that installs an armature only at the parts accelerating and decelerating the mover, this paper mitigates the problem of installation cost. In addition, we propose a novel shape for auxiliary teeth for the armature end of the proposed system to reduce the detent force causing noise and vibration in the equipment."
" Tooth crack is a general fault causing the operating failure of gearbox, for this account, the effect of crack on the meshing stiffness and vibration of gearbox are simulated in this paper to study and provide some theory basis for fault diagnosis. Firstly, the working process of cutting tooth is put in use to calculate the precise profile in theory of tooth, then the meshing stiffness is deduced under the new profile. Secondly, for the meshing stiffness, two methods calculating the effective tooth thickness under crack is introduced and compared in different crack depths. Afterwards, the vibration of gearbox is extracted by putting the meshing stiffness in a 6 degree of freedom dynamic model, and the effect of crack under two affecting lines on the gear dynamics is expressed by processing the residual signal using the fault detection indicators. This work aims at improving the dynamic simulation for gearbox, and it could be served as a reference for monitoring the great failure event in gearbox."
" Fractional Slot Concentrated Windings (FSCW) or tooth windings have been proved to be very beneficial for synchronous and permanent magnet (PM) motors. However, the abundance of space harmonics in the air gap flux have rendered FSCW configurations unsuitable for induction motors. This paper proposes the use of a multi-layer FSCW wound around two layers of stator slots that eliminates sub (a fraction of fundamental) and higher order space harmonics and provides a non-overlapping winding arrangement. This winding configuration has several advantages like high torque density, shorter end-winding length and easier manufacturability for outer rotor squirrel cage induction motors for pumps, fans and in-wheel hub drives. A design comparison is performed between the proposed winding configuration and a conventional distributed winding."
" A new efficiency-improving permanent magnet rotor structure for a tooth-coil-winding open-slot axial-flux machine is proposed. The composite-body-based rotor construction used in the machine has no electro-magnetic losses in the rotor body itself. The construction also significantly reduces the eddy current losses in the permanent magnets and improves short-circuit strength. A prototype of an axial flux generator for mobile working machine was optimised, analysed and measured. The tooth coil windings produce high-amplitude harmonics in the air gap and large slot openings also reduce the rotor flux due to the large air gap reluctance. Both phenomena encourage finding a rotor structure decrease the amount of harmonics travelling through the magnets. It is found that steel laminates inserted on top of the magnets have positive effects on both cases. However, the adverse effect is that, quadrature-axis inductance increases. 2D FEA and 3D FEA analysis was used to verify and optimize the laminations geometry. Computations are verified by real measurements of a 100 kVA test machine."
" The paper is concerned with the development of a core loss model for a variable flux machine using AlNiCo permanent magnets. A relationship between different magnetization levels and the machine core losses is derived experimentally. An analytical core loss model for non sinusoidal flux waveforms in the PM machine is presented. This model is based on an equivalent sinusoidal waveform. In this model, eddy current loss and hysteresis loss have been estimated based on Maxwell's equation. The analytical results from the proposed model are compared with finite element model (FEM) and experimental results."
" The effects of the three level inverter on the core losses of a SynRM are investigated particularly at the stator yoke and tooth. A comparative study on the effects of space vector pulse width modulated (SV-PWM) two and three level inverter on the iron/core loss are analyzed. A SynRM stator made of silicon steel, M36, 0.35 mm thickness is used. The machine was driven from a two and three level inverters and the current waveforms where used in the finite element model so as to capture the flux densities. The SynRM stator was then excited by these flux density waveforms obtained from the FE model. Tests were conducted at 30 Hz, 60 Hz and 180 Hz and there was an approximate 6 % reduction in core losses at 180 Hz under a three level inverter drive. The reduction in core losses were significant on the stator tooth than on the stator yoke. The use of a three level inverter will reduce the burden of the cooling system on the machine."
" This paper discusses the design synthesis of a permanent-magnet brushless dc (PMBLDC) machine using a finite-element (FE) model. This work differentiates itself from the past studies by following a synthesis approach, in which many designs that satisfy the performance criteria are considered instead of a unique solution. The designer can later select a design, based on comparing parameters of the designs, which are critical to the application that the motor will be used for. The presented approach makes it easier to define constraints for a design synthesis problem. A detailed description of the setting up of an FE-based design synthesis problem, starting from the definition of design variables, the FE model of the machine, how the design synthesis is carried out, and to how a design is finalized from a set of designs that satisfy the performance criteria, is included in this paper. The proposed synthesis program is demonstrated by designing a segmented axial torus PMBLDC motor for an electric two-wheeler."
" This is a descriptive article focusing on the e-DENT project, the first oral tele-consultation in France, an experimentation of asynchronous dental tele-consultations meant to improve access to dental care for people who have limited access to regular consultations with a dentist such as dependent elderly, disabled people or prisoners. We consider that the generalization of dental tele-consultations is related to the acceptance of the e-DENT system, as stated by Broens & et al. (2007). This paper proposes a new methodological approach for assessing the perception of a medical procedure, involving the use of technology, for subjects with minor, mild or severe cognitive impairment. Semi-structured interviews, indirect patient observations and non-participant observations have allowed us to highlight the nurses' acceptance of the e-DENT system, the patients' perception of the oral tele-consultation procedure and to describe the induced organizational changes."
 Objective To evaluate the effectiveness of tooth guide trainer software (TGT) on the teaching of shade matching to dental students. Methods Forty undergraduate students were included in this study. All of the students learned theory knowledge of shade matching firstly and then were divided into two groups with 12 boys and 8 girls in each group. Students in one group accepted shade matching training with TGT. The other group didn't accept the TGT training. Then the shade matching ability of students in each group was evaluated by an experienced clinician. Results ANOVA analysis showed that both TGT training and gender of the students significantly affected the shade matching ability of students. The group with TGT software training had significant higher score in shade matching than that of the group without TGT training (P<; 0.05). The scales of girls were significantly higher than those of boys (P <; 0.05). Conclusion The use of TGT training can promote the study on shade match of dental students.
" This paper proposes a method to minimize the cogging torque of a permanent-magnet transverse flux machine (PMTFM) with soft-magnetic-composite cores, using the shifted stator disks and unequal stator teeth pairing. Fourier analysis is performed to find the major cogging torque component so as to reduce it by shifting the stator disks. The unequal stator teeth pairing technique that is traditionally used in the radial and axial flux machines is employed to reduce the cogging torque of PMTFMs in this paper. Three different configurations are studied. The cogging torque and the electromagnetic torque are calculated by the three-dimensional finite-element method and verified by the experiment results."
" This paper investigates the capability and behaviors of two different tooth-concentrated winding topologies for traction electric machine applications. The well-known conventional 12-teeth/10-poles winding and also the new 18-teeth/10-poles winding with low-magnetomotive force (MMF) harmonic contents are investigated. Using these winding types, two permanent-magnet (PM) machines are designed and analyzed, and their performances have been compared. Considering the main machine parameters, such as the electromagnetic torque, losses, field-weakening capability, thermal behavior, and also the noise and vibrations characteristics, the obtained results show significant advantages for the new machine over the conventional design. For the new 18-teeth/10-poles PM machine design, a prototype machine is built and several measurements results for the electromagnetic torque and machine efficiency are given."
" Teeth and mouth disease is one of the most common health problems complained by Indonesian society. Especially for children who still lack the awareness to maintain oral health and busy parents who sometimes causing delays in the handling of oral health in children. The purpose of this research is to make the application of expert system for the diagnosis of teeth and oral diseases in children. This application diagnoses diseases with using method of forward chaining and Bayes Theorem. The methods are to create a decision tree, then do a search with forward chaining, and calculating values by the method of Bayesian probability. The results of research in the form of expert system applications that can diagnose oral disease in children with enough accuracy can help in addressing the problem of oral diseases in children."
" A novel rotor structure for a tooth-coil-winding (concentrated winding) open-slot axial-flux permanent-magnet (PM) machine that reduces the eddy currents and increases the main flux linkage is proposed in this paper. A composite-body-based rotor assembly and a steel-laminated layer inserted on top of the magnets are used to reduce eddy-current losses in the PMs. A prototype of an axial flux generator for a heavy-duty vehicle following this structure is optimized, analyzed and measured. The tooth coil windings produce high-amplitude harmonics in the air gap and the large slot openings reduce the rotor flux. Consequently, a rotor structure that decreases the amount of harmonics travelling through the magnets is required. Steel laminations covering the magnets have positive effects on both phenomena. Two-dimensional and three-dimensional finite-element analysis is used to verify and optimize the geometry of the laminations. Computations are verified by experimental measurements of a 100 kW test machine prototype."
" It is a research focus of computer graphics aided orthodontics in terms of realizing the local texture mapping of 3D tooth model to mark the 3D tooth model easily and quickly. According to the problem of incomplete mapping area appearing in local texture mapping of surfaces constructed by triangular mesh, this paper selects and locks the 3D model local area fastly and accurately by means of seed-growing and surface clipping firstly, and then realizes the mapping relation by VTK mapping technology. Meanwhile, the algorithm in this paper proposed can control texture mapping position, the size of mapping area and texture mapping direction effectively based on actual demand. The algorithm ensures the integrity and continuity of the area to a certain extent, and it is also reasonable to distribute 2D coordinates to 3D points in target area. The experimental results show that this method can efficiently, evenly and completely mark the 3D tooth model, and have good real-time performance and vivid effect."
" The paper deals with acoustic noise in permanent magnet synchronous motors (PMSM) with tooth concentrated armature windings. In particular, the noise emitted by this kind of motors is investigated with reference to high-torque low-speed applications. In these cases, due to the high number of poles, the stator yoke is usually thin and it is characterized by low natural frequencies that could lead to undesired amplifications of mechanical resonance phenomena. The paper analyzes the effects of variations of stator yoke thickness on vibrations and noise emitted by the machines. The aim is to investigate the relation between noise emission and stator yoke thickness without any other variation of the machine configuration. The analysis is led by the mathematical model of PMSM, used to characterize analytically the time behavior of the radial forces that excite the machine vibrations; FEM analysis and numerical extrapolation of the machine acoustic response are performed by the software “Manatee”."
" Three 12-slot/10-pole closed slot permanent magnet machines having either all or alternate teeth wound winding and equal or unequal tooth width stator are analyzed and compared in terms of spike type voltage distortion. The difference between three machines, such as the rotor positions determining voltage distortion and the influence of current, is emphasized. Referring to the distorted voltage, the influence of such distortion on fluxweakening capabilities of three machines is compared as well. It is found that there is a larger voltage distortion for the machine with alternate teeth wound winding compared with the all teeth wound machine if they share the same machine dimensions. Besides, the unequal tooth width stator adopted for torque improvement purpose will further aggravate the voltage distortion."
" 3D Reconstructions has been widely used in the field of medical disease diagnosis and Marching Cube algorithm is the most representative structure in the face of 3D reconstructions. Therefore, methods of three-dimensional (3D) reconstructions were employed to visualize the surface morphology of developing structures and to help appreciate the complexity of early tooth morphogenesis. The authors introduce in the paper the principle of MCalgorithm, and present a simplified algorithm based on optimized grid model. The simplified algorithm selects points as close tooriginal grid as possible, usually using the subset selection method or the optimized selection method. The rudiments can rescue their suppressed development and revitalize, and then their subsequent autonomous development can give rise to oral pathologies. This shows that tooth-forming potential in mammals can be greater than that observed from their functional dentitions. From this perspective, the mouse rudimentary tooth primordia represent a natural model to test possibilities of tooth regeneration."
" Analytic modeling techniques of a double-sided interior permanent-magnet flat linear brushless motor (IPM-FLBM) with slot-phase shift and alternate teeth windings are proposed in this paper. Since the buried-type IPM-FLBM with the slot-phase shift and alternate teeth windings is fairly new compared with conventional linear motors, little research has been previously done in modeling and analysis. The analytic models presented in this paper provide the effective and reliable methods for this new type of linear motor. For this purpose, a simplified magnetic equivalent circuit and superposed winding function are investigated. A variable winding function is newly developed in order to evaluate the inductances of the salient motor with the alternate teeth windings. All analytic models are verified with 3-D finite-element analyses (FEAs) step by step. The steady-state thrust force is modeled using a classical closed-form solution for linear brushless ac motors. The static end-effect and cogging forces for the ripple force evaluation are investigated using FEA. The validities for performance parameters are demonstrated experimentally."
" Influence of stator teeth shaping on cogging torque developed by radial flux Permanent Magnet Brushless DC motor is investigated. Stator teeth tang radius is varied to alter shape of stator teeth. Stator teeth tang radius is varied form 0 mm to 6 mm for two standard rating motors. It is analysed that peak to peak cogging torque is considerably reduced by selecting proper tooth tang radius. Peak to peak cogging torque is reduced form 27 Nm to 18.4 Nm in case of 10 kW, 1000 rpm motor and 38.2 Nm to 24.6 Nm in case of 20 kW, 1500 rpm motor with this technique."
" This paper proposes four topologies for high-temperature superconductor (HTS) fault-tolerant machines. Since the excitation ways of HTS field coils have significant effect on electromagnetic performances, four HTS machines with different HTS field coils are proposed, analyzed, and compared. For a fair comparison, their same rotors and dimensions are designed. Although their stators and field coils are different, these four machines have some common features. Namely, only one cooling system is required. This is because their HTS armature coils and HTS field coils are placed in the stator. Meanwhile, the fault-tolerant teeth (FTT) are adopted. These FTT not only provide extra flux path to improve torque capability but also decouple adjacent phases physically and magnetically, thus enhancing fault-tolerant capability. Finally, the characteristics of the HTS are analyzed and finite-element results are given for verification."
" One novel 6/7 (the pole number of stator/rotor) biased flux permanent magnet machine with auxiliary teeth (AT-BFPMM) is proposed in this paper. The stator of new machine is composed by modular T-shaped lamination segments sandwiched with circumferentially magnetized permanent magnets (PMs) and the rotor is similar with that of switched reluctance machines. The magnetization direction of PMs on both sides of auxiliary teeth is kept the same, while it is not for the PMs on both sides of teeth with armature windings. Then, the proposed machine is optimized by using two-dimension finite element algorithm based on given specifications and optimization strategy. Finally, comparative study between the proposed machine and the original biased flux permanent magnet machine (ORI-BFPMM) with the same outside radius and axial length is presented. It demonstrates that the proposed AT-BFPMM has much higher power factor, lower torque ripple, higher efficiency, and stronger overload capability than those of ORI-BFPMM."
" This paper presents the performance analysis of a new two stators and central rotor Axial Flux Permanent magnet machine with tooth coil winding. The novel rotor topology proposed has a non-ferromagnetic structure that reduces the leakage flux and also reduces the total machine weight. Ferromagnetic layers adding in both side of magnets allow to reduce the slotting effect, eddy current losses and consequently improve the machine efficiency. Furthermore, optimization of this iron lamination let to increases the saliency ratio, add a reluctance torque component and help to protect the magnet of short circuit current. Some adverse effects are also analyzed such as the increased Cogging torque. 2-D finite element analysis was carried out to study the machine performance considering manufacturing issues. The results were verified in a 100 kW machine prototype."
 In the mineral part of the teeth the calcium phosphates and calcium carbonates are combined in a collagen with the mucopolysaccharides of the organic matrix. The infection on the tooth surface caused by bacteria can modify the tooth structures resulting in the tooth decay. In order to determine the modification on the tooth structure the use of thermal analysis technique is proposed. With this aim is fundamental the definition of an experimental protocol for the preparation of the sample under examination that does not modify the structure of the tooth. Preliminary experimental results confirm the capability of the measurement technique pointed out to correctly classify the modification of the tooth structure due to the aging or the carious.
" The transmission characteristics of asymmetrical multi-teeth-shaped plasmonic waveguide structure are investigated theoretically and numerically. The tunable dual flat bandgaps are achieved in our proposed structure. This feature can provide a promising application for plasmonic bandstop filter. In addition, according to the hybrid effects of the first order resonance and high order resonance of N identical asymmetrical teeth, a sharp transmission peak can be obtained. This peak, which is within two bandgaps, possesses a relative small full-width at half-maximum, about 11.5 nm. Moreover, the resonant wavelength of this sharp peak can be regulated by adjusting the relative depths of N asymmetrical teeth. These results that we acquire may have important application potential on high-density nanoplasmonic integration circuits."
" In this paper, comparative experiments were conducted to assess the effect of the inclined teeth on the output speed characteristics of the ultrasonic motor using a longitudinal-bending vibration converter. Five prototype motors with different angles of inclined teeth were developed. The output speeds were measured at different working frequencies, driving voltages and pressures. The results indicate that the angle of inclined teeth has an obvious influence on the output speed. Among the five prototypes with different angles, the output speed was the best for the prototype with 80° inclined teeth. The maximum revolution speed of the prototype was 379 r/min at frequency of 43.5 kHz. And the output speed was the worst for the prototype with 85° inclined teeth. The maximum revolution speed of the prototype was 141 r/min at frequency of 44.2 kHz."
" Cogging torque in permanent-magnet motors is one of the most important problems to be considered in high performance applications especially in low speed and direct drive applications. In this paper, the analytical expression for cogging torque in permanent-magnet synchronous motors (PMSM) with auxiliary teeth is derived by the energy method and the Fourier series analysis, based on the air gap permeance and the flux density distribution in an equivalent slotless machine. Analytical method was proposed to determine an appropriate scope of auxiliary tooth width. In order to reduce cogging torque to the maximum extent, cogging torque corresponding to different slot openings was analyzed. To determine the auxiliary teeth width accurately, finite element method (FEM) which considered the effects of flux leakage and saturation was proposed. And then on this basis auxiliary teeth height was determined by analyzing the distribution of the radial component of the flux density in the air gap. Finally, calculation results of cogging torque corresponding to different distributions of the auxiliary teeth, the auxiliary teeth width as well as the auxiliary height were discussed."
" The applicability of a soft magnetic composite (SMC) material to a new double-sided buried-type interior permanent-magnet flat linear brushless motor (IPM-FLBM) with slot-phase shift is presented through the steady-state performance improvement in this paper. The IPM-FLBM using a conventional electrical solid steel is used as a base model prototype for the performance comparison. The analytic models for armature resistance, inductances of series-connected asymmetric dual three-phase windings, no-load flux linkages, and back electromotive forces (back EMFs) are investigated to derive a closed-form equation for the thrust force. The magnetic field capability due to the design parameter changes of the new SMC prototype is analyzed using two simplified nonlinear magnetic equivalent circuit (MEC) models, comparing with the base model prototype. The iron and copper losses of the SMC prototype also are investigated in terms of the thermal limitation. The steady-state performance enhanced by the reduced air-gap size is experimentally validated through the comparison of the static thrust force with that of the base model prototype."
" Motor current signature analysis (MCSA) is regarded as an effective technique for motor and its downstream equipment fault diagnostics. However, limited work has been carried out for motors based on a sensorless variable speed drive (VSD). This study focuses on investigation of mechanical fault detection and diagnosis using electrical signatures from a VSD system. An analytic analysis was conducted to show that the fault can induce sidebands in instantaneous current, voltage and power signals in the VSD system, rather than just the sideband in a drive without closed loop control. Then different degrees of tooth breakages in an industrial two-stage helical gearbox were experimentally studied. It has found that even though the measured signal is very noisy, common spectrum analysis can discriminate the small sidebands for the fault detection and diagnosis. However, it has found that the power signals resulted from the multiplication of the current and voltage can provide a better diagnostic results."
" In order to be competitive, companies aim at improving their technologies in terms of production process simplification and reduction in the overall price of products. However, the use of lower-cost materials and a simpler construction can often degrade the machine performance. One of the possible production process simplifications of electrical machines is the use of modular permanent magnet synchronous machines (MPMSM). Some analytical approaches to analyze machines with modular stator can be found in the literature but these fall in the accuracy or do not consider the U-Shape core structure. This paper presents an analytical model to estimate the no-load air-gap flux density distribution of a U-shape MPMSM with tooth-coil winding. The results were verified with 2-D finite element analysis showing good accuracy."
" This paper investigates the influence of magnetic saturation on the rotor bar current waveform and performance characteristics of a squirrel-cage Induction Machine (IM). The levels of iron saturation in different parts, including stator and rotor back iron, tooth body and tooth tips etc., are examined and their influences are investigated, while the dominant part which causes the non-sinusoidal rotor bar current waveform is identified. It has revealed that the magnetic saturation, particularly in the rotor tooth, has a significant effect on the bar current waveform and the phenomenon is explained in depth."
" This paper demonstrates a workflow for multi-physical simulation and design optimization of electrical machines using open-source tools. The workflow demonstrates applicability of open-source tools for all steps of complex 3D Finite Element Method modelling of an electrical machine - geometry production, meshing, pre-processing, solving (even in massively parallel environment), and post-processing with visualization. The example case is a permanent magnet synchronous machine with direct immersion oil cooling. First design simulation is demonstrated. The current-source driven electromagnetic simulation is used to estimate PM eddy-current losses and iron losses to evaluate the design."
" Stator winding structure and its manufacturing in permanent magnet synchronous machines (PMSM) is the vital part of the whole machine design. It is important to follow particular procedures in order to keep the winding losses at the acceptable level, which include DC resistance loss and additional losses due to alternative magnetic flux within the area of the stator winding. The winding transposition or using of Litz wire, which is effective way of proximity loss suppression, sometimes cannot be implemented due to challenges in assembling or cost aspects (especially in low cost PMSM solutions). In this case it is important to know consequences of using straight (non-twisting) windings in PMSMs with relatively high electrical frequency. This article studies impact of the number of stator winding parallel strands on the additional AC losses distribution in the slot where this winding is located. Also, thermal condition (which impacts the life time of the insulation) of the winding is analyzed with different number of parallel strands. Current and temperature distributions in the slot conductors were attained by finite element method (FEM). The total losses caused by additional AC losses in the winding were compared with the measurements results."
" With the rapid development of robot technology, more and more intelligent robots serve for people in many fields. The gearbox is important for many robots. Planetary gearbox is widely applied to mechanical transmission in many fields because of its excellent advantages. However, the fault occurs frequently owing to the severe work conditions. The traditional fault diagnosis methods based on vibration signal cannot effectively monitor the planetary gearbox fault. In contrast, the fault can influence the tooth root strain more directly, so that the signal to noise ratio of the tooth root strain is higher than others, and it is a better vector for fault feature. Fault diagnosis method of planetary gearbox based on tooth root strain is proposed to overcome the difficulty in fault diagnosis of planetary gearbox. The rationality of measuring ring gear tooth root strain of planetary gearbox with FBG is discussed in this paper to diagnosis the planetary gearbox healthy condition, and then a detection system for measuring ring gear tooth root strain of planetary gearbox with FBG is designed, which can measure the change of FBG reflection wavelength in order to get the tooth root strain information, and it has some advantages of high-speed, wide-range and high-resolution. Further more, the detection system can accomplish the backward filtering of the ring gear tooth root strain so as to lay the foundation for fault diagnosis of planetary gearbox based on ring gear tooth root strain."
" Excavators used in mining industry have bucket teeth usually made up of hard alloys. In order to improve the anti-wear properties of these alloys coatings are provided. The purpose of the present work is to make the deformation analysis of the bucket teeth. It was observed that maximum stress occurred at the fixed joint of teeth and tongue, while the maximum wear takes place at the tip of tooth. The abrasive nature of soil is one of the reason of tip wear."
" In this research work, a model of teeth recognition has been proposed to identify a person. The persons' teeth image have been matched against the database of teeth images. An algorithm has been developed to recognize the teeth image by using the image processing methods. The author has been set a similarity criterion to match the teeth image against the image database by specifying the threshold value. This similarity criterion is used to identify a person. The labial teeth and gingiva photographic image database (LTG-IDB) have been taken to verify the results. The database consists 90 photographic images from 27 subjects.. The experiment results has carried on 20 teeth images of same person and 50 teeth images of different persons. MATLAB has been used for this purpose."
" Design aspects and FEM simulation results of a six-phase induction motor consisting of two three-phase single tooth concentrated windings with a 30° shift between, and an external rotor are presented in this paper. The main goal is to find a suitable candidate for electric vehicle applications which require simplified manufacturing process, reduced fabrication costs, and achieving high efficiencies at fractional loads at the same time."
" This paper presents an Comparative investigation of three 12-slot/14-pole surface-mounted permanent-magnet (SPM) machines with different winding configurations by finite element analysis (FEA). Three winding distributions for machines are investigated. For the first two situations, machines have equal teeth width, with one having all teeth wound and the other having alternative teeth wound. For the third case, also alternative teeth winding are adopted while the teeth having coils are narrower than these without coils. Firstly, we analyzed flux linkage flux density and back electromotive force (back-EMF) of the machines. Then we studied their torque characteristics including electromagnetic torque and cogging torque. In addition, we studied the fault tolerant capability of machines. The results show that machine with alternative teeth wound on unequal teeth has the highest torque capability although with a slightly higher ripple torque. The cogging torque and ripple torque of machine with all teeth wound are the lowest. Machines with alternative teeth wound either on equal teeth or unequal teeth have better fault tolerant capability."
" Fractional slot windings based on concentrated tooth coils are frequently used in today's electric machines. A drawback of these windings is the occurrence of large space harmonics in the air gap, which can cause torque ripple issues and rotor additional losses. Various provisions have been proposed in the literature to improve the air-gap harmonic content due to concentrated-winding armature reaction. This paper proposes an enhancement based on a multiple-layer design characterized by tooth coils with different number of turns. The improvement is proposed for 12-slot 10-pole permanent magnet machines but can be generalized to other possible topologies. It is shown that the proposed approach leads to the same air-gap field harmonic content as for a dual-three-phase dual-layer winding with all space harmonics reduced by the same coefficient (equal to 0.928). Pros and contras of the proposed design with respect to other existing improved solutions are highlighted in the paper. Comparisons and assessments are provided based on Finite Element Analysis (FEA)."
" The permanent magnet synchronous linear motor (PMSLM) has increasingly been used in a wide range of commercial and industrial applications, while Low force ripple of the PMSLM is an essential requirement. This paper presents three effective design approaches for the force ripple minimization, with particular emphasis to the detent force reduction and Back-EMF standardization, which are the two critical causes producing force ripple in the PMSLM. Related design features are analyzed by FEA method, and the flat PMSLM with 1000N thrust force is developed. By adding optimized auxiliary tooth, narrowing the slot opening, and shaping the magnet outer face (by using arc shape), the simulation and optimization can meet the function requirements of the linear motor. The results show that the detent force is significantly reduced, and the Back EMF is perfect for control."
" The paper proposes an intensity modulation technique based on micro displacement sensor to image cavities in denture material. The cavity imaging for various types of denture materials, as well as the measurement of the diameter of the cavities are presented. The samples used in this study were Acrylic Denture, Nano Hybrid Composite, Varplast, Nano Filler, with a cavity diameter of 5mm per sample. Based on the analysis, the measurement of cavity diameter using the analog method resulted in 5.00 mm for Acrylic Denture, Nano Hybrid Composite, Varplast samples, and 5.50 mm for Nano Filler, with 97.65% of maximum accuracy. The feasibility of micro-displacement sensor system with fiber bundle 16 receivers using the optical imaging technique with a displacement order of 500 μm was able to measure the width of the sample cavity in denture materials with accuracy approximately between 89%-99.48%. High stability, the simplicity of design, and low cost of fabrication make the micro displacement sensor system feasible to be applied in dentistry, especially for measuring and imaging cavities on denture materials."
" The entrance of a tooth root canal is very small to the naked eye, and in most cases, dentists operate blindly to perform the treatment using an instrument. Particularly, the observation of fractures near the root apex and collaterals of root canals is difficult even using the latest dental instrument. To solve these problems, we attempted to develop a novel dental endoscope. In this study, we developed micro image sensors that can be used for observation of root canals and evaluation of the image sensor visibility. Previous methods have only single line visibility; however, the new method enables evaluation of the sectional visibility in the screen area. Compared with commercially available image sensors, the new image sensor has more than two times higher sectional visibility. Hence, the most focusing area can be analyzed and the aforementioned problems can be solved to improve image sensors. Moreover, not only the micro image sensors but also other sensors can be evaluated quantitatively using this new method."
" Ordinary plane existing noncircular gear algorithm has many kinds, but non-circular bevel gear because of its special structure research is not much, this paper deeply studies the similarities and differences of ordinary non-circular gear with non-circular bevel gear, a plane non-circular gear algorithm compatible approximation algorithm for non-circular bevel gear, the core idea of the algorithm is very important for the expansion of other ordinary non-circular gear."
" In order to improve the tooth profile accuracy, main factors causing tooth error were analyzed by means of numerical simulation. Based on the principle of internal helical gear form grinding, it was known that the tooth error had much to do with the axial-section shape of form grinding wheel and the installation position of grinding wheel relative to the gear to be ground. Firstly, the mathematical model of internal helical gear form grinding was established, and the form wheel profile was determined through solving the contact equations of grinding wheel and tooth space. Then according to the wheel profile, the tooth profile at the end face of gear was found by means of the numerical imitation method. Taking the installation angle error AS, center distance error Aa, tangential position error Ay
0
 and other factors into account, and combining specific example, the tooth error caused by AE, Aa, Ay
0
 etc. was simulated and analyzed respectively. The error analysis method is helpful to finding the primary reason for tooth error and providing the basis for setting gear grinding machine correctly."
" This paper proposes a new modular arc-linear flux-switching permanent magnet motor (MAL-FSPM) used for directly driving objects rotate back and force within a limited angle. Due to double salient effect and end effect, cogging torque of MAL-FSPM is very high, especially for rotor end meeting stator end. A novel cogging torque reduction method is proposed. New structure of MAL-FSPM is established based on the proposed method. 2D finite element method (FEM) results are obtained to verify validity of the method. Results show that cogging torque can be greatly reduced for whole operation range."
" A planetary gearbox is widely used in many areas. Considering that it has complicated structures and relative motions, its dynamic responses are much more complex. It is difficult to analyze its internal and real situation when there exist faults on its surface. Many dynamic models have been established to study its dynamic responses when having a crack on one of teeth. However, most of models are built based on the assumption that the crack propagation path is simplified as a straight line, and it results in obvious deviation on the dynamic responses. In this paper, a rigid-flexible coupled model is established for a one-stage planetary gearbox. In this model, the sun is set as a flexible body and the whole planetary gearbox is a rigid object. The tooth crack propagations are simulated along both the tooth width and the crack depth that can be respectively described as two parabolas. Different crack sizes on one gear tooth are simulated in ADAMS and the dynamic responses are then generated. Based on these, five commonly used statistical indicators, i.e. peak-to-peak, mean, root mean square (RMS), kurtosis, and energy are used to investigate the relationship between the different crack sizes and the response. The results show that RMS and energy are more sensitive to the growth of tooth crack for propagation whatever along the tooth width and the crack length. The frequency spectra also indicate that sidebands caused by the tooth crack obviously change with the crack growing. It provides a reference for studying the dynamic response and crack assessment of the planetary gearbox."
" Our long-term objective is to isolate and characteristics human dental pulp stem cells (hDPSCs) derived from human third molar pulp. We demonstrated the successful use of tissue engineering approaches to generate small, bioengineered tooth crowns from harvested pig and rat postnatal dental stem cells (DSCs). To facilitate characterizations of human DSCs, we have developed a novel radiographic staging system to accurately correlate human third molar tooth developmental stage with anticipated harvested DSC yield. Another aim was to verify the expression with dentin sialoprotein (DSPP), dentin sialoprotein (DSP), dentin matrixprotein 1 (DMP-1) and vimentin. For characterisation, proliferation capacity, phenotypic properties, and differentiation characteristics were utilised. Stem cells isolated from hNDP were analysed by flow cytometry and immunocytochemistry. Thus, both EMPs are important during hDPSCs proliferation. During cytodifferentiation, EMPs are essential for the complete differentiation of odontoblasts by up-regulating the expression of DSPP, DSP, DMP-1 and vimentin. Stimulation of these cells by EMPs significantly increases alkaline phosphatase(ALP) activity. ALP activity was expressed as OD 405 nm/mg of protein A increase was observed in ALP activity of hDPSCs during the culturing of EMPs. According to the differentiation and proliferation potential of HDPSC was shown. We conclude that radiographic developmental staging can be used to accurately assess the utility of harvested human teeth for future dental tissue engineering applications."
" This paper aims to design a Double Rotor Multi-Tooth Flux-Switching Generator (DR-FSG) with DC excitation suitable for wind power generation. The proposed design has one stator, two mechanically coupled rotors, and two armature winding groups. Each armature winding group is connected with a bridge rectifier. The outputs from the rectifier circuits are connected in series. The performance of the machine is verified by time stepping finite element analysis (TS-FEA). It is found that, the proposed DR-FSG exhibits good potentials such as reduced torque ripples, flux controllability, and high power density."
" Bearingless motor is an advantageous choice when a short rotor structure is needed for high-speed applications. Short rotor structure permits higher operational speed without crossing the critical frequencies of the rotor. Effects of the three different winding arrangements are investigated based on rotor dynamics, mechanical and electromagnetic analysis. Comparison is done with interior permanent magnet bearingless motor where 4-pole rotor structure is unchanged."
" In multi-phase machines, the third harmonic current can interact with the third harmonic back-EMF to improve the output torque. This paper investigates the unequal tooth width and permanent magnet (PM) segmentation techniques to improve the third harmonic back-EMF of the five phase 10-slot/8-pole surface-mounted permanent magnet (SPM) machine. It is found that the fundamental and third harmonic winding factors are increased by the unequal tooth width. Meanwhile, the third harmonic airgap flux density is improved but the fundamental airgap flux density is reduced by segmenting the PM. The optimal unequal tooth dimensions and PM segmentations are given for maximizing the output torque. The airgap flux density, back-EMFs, cogging torques and output torques of the machine with equal tooth width, unsegmented PM and with unequal tooth width, segmented PM are compared."
" In recent years, the motive power of industrial machines has increased, and induction motors are now being used many applications. Consequently, there is increasing demand to reduce the cost of these motors. One method that can be used to lower the cost is to change the stator winding structures to use concentrated windings. However, induction motors with concentrated windings have not been studied in detail. Therefore, we have tried to develop low-cost high-efficiency induction motors with concentrated windings. In this paper, the results of the effect in changing the stator tooth width and the rotor opening width in induction motors with the number of slots per pole per phase q =1 and with concentrated windings is clearly shown by FEM analysis."
" In this paper, the permanent magnet motor without shoes of stator teeth was designed. In case of a shoeless motor, it is very easy to manufacture a stator with coil windings. It has, however, high cogging torque and torque ripples generally. The proposed model in this paper was designed considering cogging torque characteristic. The finite element analysis was performed to evaluate the effect of reducing cogging torque and improving motor operating performance by comparing the proposed no-shoe model with original model."
" The square punching plate can improve the utilization ratio of silicon steel sheet, and it is widely used in the motors of home appliances. As one of the important parameters that dramatically affect the motor performance, the stator yoke magnetic potential plays a key role in the motor design process. This paper focuses on the stator yoke magnetic potential of a 15kW three-phase induction square motor, and the calculation method of square stator teeth-yoke magnetic potential is given. In this paper, the change rule of motor stator yoke magnetic potential with different square stator sizes are obtained, and it will provide reference for the design of square stator motor."
" The double-sided slotted permanent magnet synchronous linear motor (PMSLM) has the advantages of high thrust density and high power factor. This paper adopted the structure of tooth-shifted double sides and obtained the influence law on thrust characteristic under different tooth-shifted distance by using finite element simulation. It also compared tooth-shifting and pole-shifting. Combining the orthogonal optimization algorithm, multiple parameters of the slot were optimized to achieve high thrust density. In order to suppress thrust ripple effectively, the ladder end tooth was applied as well. On the secondary, the surface-inserted non-magnetic secondary structure was adopted with non-magnetic materials. These improvements not only suppressed thrust ripple effectively but also increased the average thrust. A small-scale prototype of double-sided PMSLM was developed to verify the theory and simulation calculation related."
" Biometric systems may be used to create a remote access model on devices, ensure personal data protection, personalize and facilitate the access security. Biometric systems are generally used to increase the security level in addition to the previous authentication methods and they seen as a good solution. Biometry occupies an important place between the areas of daily life of the machine learning. In this study;the techniques, methods, technologies used in biometric systems are researched, machine learning techniques used biometric applications are investigated for the security perspective, the advantages and disadvantages that these techniques provide are given. The studies in the literature between 2010-2016 years, used algorithms, technologies, metrics, usage areas, the machine learning techniques used for different biometric systems such as face, palm prints, iris, voice, fingerprint recognition are researched and the studies made are evaluated. The level of security provided by the use of biometric systems by developed using machine learning and disadvantages that arise in the use of these systems are stated in detail in the study. Also, impact on people of biometric methods in terms of ease of use, security and usages areas are examined."
" Rotor and stator stacks consist of laminated electrical steel sheets and represent the essential components of an electric drive. The process chain for the production of laminated stacks comprises two core steps: first, the separation of the final contour of the electrical sheets and, second, the joining of individual sheets to a laminated stack. Both steps can be executed by different technologies. In this contribution, the influences of the separation technologies stamping and laser cutting on material properties of the individual sheets were investigated. In addition, different joining possibilities for stacking of the electrical sheets were also part of the study. Here, gluing, interlocking, baked varnish joining and laser welding were considered. For the laminated stack, a single tooth geometry was chosen, which was produced in three different lengths. In addition, a wide variety of sheet material was used - given a range of material thicknesses between 0.1 and 0.35 mm. Sheets and single teeth were measured with respect to their mechanical, geometrical and electro-magnetic properties, respectively. The measurements of the sheets, for instance, comprised burr height, contour and microhardness. In all stamped materials a significant increase in microhardness can be seen at the stamped edge. The geometrical properties of the laminated stack, namely dimensions, form and orientation are relevant for the assembly of the electric drive and were measured with tactile coordinate metrology. These measurements show that gluing as well as stamping lead to an increase of manufacturing variances with increasing length of the laminated stacks. On the other hand, baked varnish stacking shows very stable results with low deviations. Laser welding shows good results in the geometric measurements as well. Depending on the application, laser welding can thus be seen as a future alternative to common stacking technologies. The measurement of the electro-magnetic properties reveal a..."
" Stator DC winding Excited Vernier Reluctance Machines (DC-VRMs) are a kind of novel machines, which are investigated more and more owing to absence of expensive permanent magnet material. However, DC-VRMs are found to have large torque ripple if they are not carefully designed. There are a lot of existing methods to reduce the cogging torque in permanent magnet (PM) machines, but the design techniques for DC-VRMs have only been mentioned recently in few papers. In this paper, some new methods are proposed including shifted rotor tooth, stepped rotor skewing with multiple modules, T-shape rotor tooth, various rotor tooth arc, rotor tooth-chamfering, different length of air gap, and these methods are based on the techniques for PM machines to reduce torque ripple. The influence of the proposed methods on torque ripple is examined by using Finite Element Analysis (FEA) and it is found that the torque ripple can be reduced significantly."
" 3D digital dental model is used for orthodontic treatment. Teeth segmentation is an important process for a 3D model construction. In this paper, we proposes a method to segment a teeth from a panoramic dental x-ray image. The proposed method consists of three steps: tooth area identification, template matching, and teeth area segmentation. First, to identify tooth area, the Otsu's threshold and Mahalanobis distance technique are used. Second, teeth template images with different image size are used to match with a teeth in x-ray image. Finally, overlap area from matching multiple templates is used to segment a teeth. To test performance of the proposed method, twenty-five dental images are used. Totally, there are 450 single-rooted tooth, and 250 double-rooted tooth. An accuracy are 42.20 and 49.04 percent for single-root and double-root teeth, respectively. An accuracy should be improved in further. However, this is first fully automatic teeth segment method by using panoramic dental x-ray image."
" Due to the low power feature of Bluetooth, network based on Bluetooth has been considered as one of the promising positioning technology candidates by the research and industry communities. In order to reduce the positioning error being introduced by the Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI) algorithm, an optimized RSSI ranging and positioning algorithm is proposed, which is fully based on the low power Bluetooth positioning technology. First, this algorithm uses the trilateral algorithm to get the rough region estimation which covers all the unknown nodes. Second, by breaking down the area, the algorithm forms the RSSI value for the beacon nodes at the centroid of each region, and also forms the RSSI value at the unknown nodes. Thirdly, the RSSI values that are formed by the beacon node at the unknown node and at the centroid of each region are compared against each other to determine the unknown node's location. Experiments and simulation results show that this algorithm can increase accuracy of distance estimation by 63.3% compared to the traditional centroid localization algorithm."
 Design and operation principle of synchronous reactive motor with harmonic rotor are considered and its electromagnetic torque is obtained. The motor working process analysis is based on the method of specific magnetic conductivities and Ampere formula. The opportunity of getting high and ultrahigh rotation frequencies for this kind of motors is emphasized.
" One of the radial generator problems is in its cogging torque production which leads to the decrease of output power. Cogging torque in radial generator is caused by air gap width variance between stator and rotor. This paper presents the method to reduce cogging torque in dual-stator radial flux permanent magnet generator (DS-RFPMG). It is a radial generator which has two stators located on the inner and outer side of the rotor. DS-RFPMG has a simple manufacturing, but its design is widely varied. This paper proposes stator tooth pairing and pole-arc ratio design to reduce the cogging torque in DS-RFMPG for low speed wind turbine, before they were combined. On stator tooth pairing design, the cogging torque was reduced. While on pole-arc ratio design, the cogging torque became larger. However, cogging torque was significantly reduced by 79.39% when both designs were combined."
" In life we find a lot of several problems that touch all domains. One of them is dental medicine, which was crashing into the mechanical treatment. Nowadays, the appearance of computers in orthodontics has provided a solution to various problems and has facilitated many operations. The objectives of this study is to find a virtual approximation to real orthodontics problems of teeth movement based on digital images take it with cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) using a different methods to define the transformation that teeth must follow to return to the natural state started by a segmentation using one of the most important method named Watershed. All components of teeth displacement are combination of translations and rotations movement along the three axes. The result showed that the forces applied to the teeth in some positions could decrease number of translations and rotations to the decrease in simulation time."
" Asynchronous drives of centrifugal pumps are the most widely used types of electric drives applied in the industry and construction. The article researches dynamic characteristics of the induction motor - a centrifugal pump system composed of a set of interrelated and interacting subsystems of different physical nature. For study of the dynamics of the asynchronous electric drive, a mathematical model is proposed, which takes into account the tooth-harmonic electric motor and hydraulic pump load parameters. The article presents the results of numerical experiment: dynamic characteristics of the current, and electromagnetic torque, angular speed of the rotor, pump pressure and flow. The authors used methods of operational calculus of electric and electric machine parameters and the theory of centrifugal vane machines. The following software is used: MatLab/Simulink."
" The paper presents a design with four antennas on smart watch for GPS/UMTS/WLAN MIMO application. The overall dimensions of the design are 40 mm × 40 mm × 5.4 mm. The size of the main ground plane is 40 mm × 40 mm × 0.4 mm. These antennas are using the coupled-fed architecture. They are fed by 50-ohm mini coaxial cable lines. The four antennas are placed vertically to the edges of the main ground plane. The GPS and UMTS antennas are designed as open slot antennas; the two WLAN antennas are designed as monopole antennas. The obtained bandwidths can cover the bands of GPS/UMTS/WLAN MIMO; the isolation between these antennas is larger than 15dB. The design covering UMTS (1.92-1.98 GHz, 2.11-2.17 GHz), GPS (1.575 GHz), MIMO WLAN (2.4-2.484 GHz) and with compact and easy to design is good for antennas of smart watch devices."
" This paper used finite element contact analysis method to calculate the specific stress of the tooth-locked quick closure structure in the bast fiber modification kettle. The overall stress distribution and contact pressure analysis were made to obtain the stress characteristics and distribution regularities. Then stress evaluation of the dangerous sections according to the stress analysis results was also implemented. It is concluded that, the stresses concentrate at the tooth root of hoop and flanges, and the stress intensities of dangerous sections are all within the limits of the evaluation requirements."
" Tooth movement in orthodontic therapy is achieved by application of forces and moments to individual teeth. For lack of properly sized force/moment transducers (FMTs), the measurement of the applied force and moment vectors has remained a challenge. This paper reports on two six-degree-of-freedom FMTs termed Designs A and B, which were developed for this purpose. Their measurement principle makes use of the fact that external loads acting on them cause mechanical stress distributions, which are mapped using piezoresistive microsensors integrated in CMOS sensor chips. In Design A, two metal pins sandwich a single sensor chip, whereas in the newer Design B two CMOS chips are mounted in a back-to-back configuration between two pins. With a diameter of 4.5 mm and length of 16.4 mm, Design B is slightly larger than Design A, but still comparable with a tooth root. The two designs were calibrated and tested by applying forces and moments in the clinically relevant ranges of ±3 N and ±30 Nmm. The design changes from Designs A to B improve the smallest singular value of the sensitivity matrix by a factor of 10. The resolution achieved by Design B is 21 mN, 39 mN, and 100 mN for the three force components and 24 × 10
-3
 Nmm, 33 × 10
-3
 Nmm, and 4 × 10
-3
 Nmm for the three moment components. In comparison with Design A, these values represent improvements by factors of 2.3 to 4.5."
" This paper explores the tradeoff between the electromagnetic and mechanical performances with regard to the design of a synchronous reluctance machine rotor with fine features in the lamination profile-the analyzed machine consists of four rotor poles and its stator is equipped with single tooth coils. The change in the electromagnetic characteristics of the d- and q-axis reactances is explored for variation in radial and tangential rib widths and the impact of increased rib width on the saliency ratio of the machine. It is shown that the increased radial and tangential rib widths impair electromagnetic performance, with the tangential rib having the most pronounced effect on performance in this rotor design. The mechanical performance of the design is also explored in a similar manner, where it is shown that the high stress concentration in the rotor radial and tangential ribs limits the maximum speed of the machine in the field weakening region. The radial rib is found to have the dominant impact on supporting the flux guides. It is shown that the prototyped machine can achieve good electromagnetic performance while maintaining mechanical integrity up to a 25% overspeed of 10000 r/min with features as small as 0.3 mm. Additionally, the challenges associated with manufacturing, selecting a higher rotor pole number, and the possibility of mechanical failure are also discussed in the context of electromagnetic-mechanical design of such rotors, with important avenues of further research suggested."
" This paper presents a new switched reluctance motor (SRM) with wide speed range for the application of electric vehicles. It has an in-wheel structure for direct drive and multiple teeth per stator pole to enhance output torque. Also, the number of rotor poles is more than that of stator teeth. A 6/16 three-phase in-wheel SRM with the concepts of multi-teeth per stator pole and more rotor poles than stator teeth has been proposed for analysis. The torque performance of the topology with multi-teeth per stator pole is proven by theoretical analysis. Moreover, a new design formula is introduced for a novel combination of stator and rotor poles. The parameters of the motor are optimized by genetic algorithm method for the maximum torque output. Then the torque performance is computed by finite-element method (FEM) and compared with its counterparts, including three-phase 6/8 and 6/10 SRMs. The FEM results exhibit higher torque density for the proposed topology."
" Three-dimensional (3D) models of tooth-alveolar bone complex are needed in treatment planning and simulation for computer-aided orthodontics. Tooth and alveolar bone segmentation from computed tomography (CT) images is a fundamental step in reconstructing their models. Due to less application of alveolar bone in conventional orthodontic treatment which may cause undesired side effects, the previous studies mainly focused on tooth segmentation and reconstruction, and did not consider the alveolar bone. In this study, we proposed a method to implement both tooth and alveolar bone segmentation from dental CT images for reconstructing their 3D models. First, the proposed method extracted the connected region of tooth and alveolar bone from CT images using a global convex level set model. Then, individual tooth and alveolar bone are separated from the connected region based on Radon transform and a local level set model. The experimental results showed that the proposed method could successfully complete both the tooth and alveolar bone segmentation from CT images, and outperformed the state of the art tooth segmentation methods in terms of accuracy. This suggests that the proposed method can be used in reconstructing the 3D models of tooth-alveolar bone complex for precise treatment."
" The research work done is related to solar thermal energy storage using Saw tooth shaped absorber along with Phase Change Material (PCM) with integrated collector-saw tooth solar water heating (ICSTSWH) system. Towards that Design and fabricated ICSTSWH. Solar heat gain has been enhanced by means of saw tooth shape roof which have maximum transmissivity to collect the solar irradiation. Top layer is made up of a double layer glass glazing where heat transfer analysis is done for different mediums like hydrogen, oxygen and vacuum gas. Storage tank is completely insulated except saw tooth portion. The bottom portion of the glass is coated with black color for making the absorbance co-efficient close to one. 20 aluminum pipes of 1mm thick are fixed in parallel and filled with Paraffin wax [C
12
] which stores the thermal energy in the form of latent heat. The PCM material gets charged when there is available of solar radiation and discharges whenever the source is not there. The trapezoidal shape solar thermal energy storage system provides energy saving which depends predominately on the amount of thermal stratification within the saw tooth storage cavity. This design brings on thermal stratification in the water storage, and provides enough energy storage to meet the hot water requirements between 6 am to 8 am (early morning) in institution's hostels."
" Vernier machines achieve high torque densities and fit the demands of direct drives due to the usage of the magnetic gearing effect. Unfortunately, Vernier machines suffer from a poor power factor. Thereby, in analytic models the power factor depends on the permeance coefficients of the ferromagnetic flux modulation poles (FMPs), thus the FMP shape influences the power factor. Therefore, this paper investigates the optimal FMP shape using a multi-objective genetic algorithm based optimization to gain the Pareto frontier. For that purpose, the algorithm creates the FMP shape autonomously. The results show that an S-shaped sideline of the FMP is beneficial."
" This paper systematically studies a new kind of PM machines with both stator and rotor PM excitations, namely, dual-PM excited machines. The key is to rely on the PM-iron structure in the machine to provide both PM excitation and flux modulation. Besides the fundamental field component in the air-gap, some other predominant harmonics introduced by the flux modulating effect can also contribute to the electromagnetic torque production. Therefore, this kind of machines can be designed with high torque density. Four dual-PM excited machine concepts with the same rotor configuration but different stator structures are comparatively studied, which include double-stator PM machine, stator multitooth-PM machine, stator slot-PM machine, and stator tooth-PM machine (STPM). Based on the flux modulating effect, the general design principle of the dual-PM machines is proposed in this paper. Through analytically investigating the air-gap field harmonics, the physical insight of the dual-PM machines is brought forward. All the four machines are optimized using an improved Tabu search coupled with finite element method, and their electromagnetic performances are comprehensively studied and compared. A prototype of STPM is manufactured. Experimental tests are conducted and the results well verify the electromagnetic design."
" Vibration analysis is the most used technique for gearbox fault diagnosis based on gear meshing frequency (GMF) magnitude tracking. The originality of this paper is illustrated in two steps. The meshing between two damaged teeth repeating to the Hunting tooth frequency (HTF) is clearly detected by performing spectral analysis to vibration envelope signal and the motor stator current, unlike the confirmation of [1][2] that this frequency is very low and cannot be measurable. In second step, gearbox input shaft break was predicted by the GMF harmonics magnitude comparison."
" Use of image processing for biometric systems goes on increasing from last decade. The biometric is a tool used for person identification system. Dental biometric is one of the effective methods used in the forensic science for person identification. This system utilized dental radiography and dental photograph as it provides unique teeth features like shape, contour, dental work like crown, bridges and fillings, the relative distance between neighboring teeth etc. The proposed method consists of three processing stages: image acquisition, preprocessing, feature extraction, dental code formation and matching. The proposed system gives an accuracy of 94% for dental photograph and 96% for dental radiograph."
" Goal: The purpose of this paper is to develop a computational approach to the segmentation of human orbits. Methods: The first step is to perform Hounsfield units thresholding to segment the bony structure around the orbit. Then, a three-dimensional mesh model is generated. Poisson surface reconstruction is applied to a set of automatically screened vertices, which are facing the inner orbital walls. These procedures effectively close orbital fissures; various nerves foramina; and interpolate the broken surfaces due to thin bone structures around the orbit. We also developed validation models with five dried skulls, where the orbits were filled with dental impression. Validations on the proposed algorithm were performed with the corresponding CT images and verified by experienced radiographer. Results: The mean volume differences are less than 0.3%. Surface differences are within 0.3 mm of root mean square. Both differences are not clinically significant. Significance: Traditional approaches are slice-by-slice manual editing or shape interpolation with selected slices interactively. It is not only time consuming, but also inefficient, exhibits interoperator variability, and repeatability problems. In the proposed method, most of the manual processes are eliminated with adjustable vertex screening parameters. It makes the proposed method repeatable."
" Goal: The purpose of this paper is to develop a computational approach to the segmentation of human orbits. Methods: The first step is to perform Hounsfield units thresholding to segment the bony structure around the orbit. Then, a three-dimensional mesh model is generated. Poisson surface reconstruction is applied to a set of automatically screened vertices, which are facing the inner orbital walls. These procedures effectively close orbital fissures; various nerves foramina; and interpolate the broken surfaces due to thin bone structures around the orbit. We also developed validation models with five dried skulls, where the orbits were filled with dental impression. Validations on the proposed algorithm were performed with the corresponding CT images and verified by experienced radiographer. Results: The mean volume differences are less than 0.3%. Surface differences are within 0.3 mm of root mean square. Both differences are not clinically significant. Significance: Traditional approaches are slice-by-slice manual editing or shape interpolation with selected slices interactively. It is not only time consuming, but also inefficient, exhibits interoperator variability, and repeatability problems. In the proposed method, most of the manual processes are eliminated with adjustable vertex screening parameters. It makes the proposed method repeatable."
" This letter presents a miniaturized geodetic choke ring antenna for high-precision Global Navigation Satellite System applications. The antenna consists of crossed dipoles that are fed by two coaxial feedlines, a resonant ring over the dipoles, a cavity-backed reflector with a saw-tooth structure, and a miniaturized choke ring. The choke ring alongside the saw-tooth structure can improve the front-to-back ratio (FBR) by almost 10 dB. The proposed antenna achieves a gain of over 7 dBic, a high FBR of greater than 25 dB, and an operating band covering 1.17-1.60 GHz in which the return loss is lower than -10 dB and the axial ratio is lower than 3 dB when zenith angle θ <; 70°."
" Objective To evaluate the application of a 3D haptic virtual reality simulation system for training dental crown preparation in dental preclinical education. Methods Fifteen students (novice group) and 12 prosthodontic residents (residents groups) were included in this study. All of the participants took the tests to perform tooth preparation for a metal-ceramic crown using a 3D haptic virtual reality simulator (Simodent). The preparation outcome was evaluated and the elapsed time for preparation was also recorded for each participant. The percent of occurrence of undercut, damage to adjacent tooth and incorrect occlusal reduction were calculated for both groups. Besides, anonymous questionnaires regarding participants' attitudes towards the experience about using 3D haptic VR simulator were analyzed. Results There were distinguish differences between novice group and residents group. Novice group spend almost double time then the experienced residents but with relatively lower scores. Concerning the percent of occurrence of undercut, damage to the adjacent teeth and incorrect occlusal reduction, higher occurrence in novice group were demonstrated. The results of the present study indicated the ability of Simodent to distinguish between novice and expert when performing crown preparation tasks. Conclusion The findings indicated the validity of 3D haptic virtual reality simulator for dental training purposes."
" This paper presents an orientation towards the medical engineering of the orthodontic dynamics. Mathematical formalisms, considered most representative, have selected. They are used in the actual detailed study of rather simple orthodontic processes. It is a enumeration of mathematical relations, limited in content and form, with the purpose of highlighting only the representative aspects of the calculation technique. A compromise has been used, for the simplest presentation of both medical phenomena and mathematical details associated to these phenomena. A unitary, synthetic and simple enumeration of the “medical phenomena - calculus technique binomial” was also wanted, as it gradually becomes a highly interest aspect in medicine, in general, and in the orthodontic dynamics, in particular."
" Exponential signal categories, usual in the orthodontic dynamics, are considered, damped aperiodic in relation to time and space. They are expressed through time and space constants. For predetermined conditions, expressed in final durations, final lengths and inflexion points, respectively, this paper presents a digital method for determining the structure parameters, by the resolution of two categories of transcendent equations."
" The human body represents the most important topic for many researchers. In our days, the science complexity demands the involvement of many resources and the coordinated team work of doctors, engineers, and other specialists. In the case of dental medicine, due to the nature of teeth material, their dimension and geometrical position, very important problems, like fractures, cannot be studied with classical engineering tools, such as tensometric markers. In these conditions, the finite element method is the only method that can show what is happening inside the tooth. This paper presents a model and the simulation results of the tooth response in the case of ultrasonic and traditional root canal treatment in different working conditions. In the work, stressfieldis calculated for different forces acting on the root canal. The results are important to dental practitioners for their everyday work because they request this study."
" The development of dental nanomaterials with antibacterial properties represents a new step against antibacterial resistance, but there are concerns regarding the efficacy of the antibacterial effects of nanoparticles when mixing them with other materials or when using them for surface coating materials. The objective of this review article is to summarize the experimental data regarding the antibacterial effects of metal oxide-containing nanomaterials used in dentistry. Titanium dioxide and zinc oxide are the most studied nanoparticles with antimicrobial properties in dentistry. Most of the dental materials (cements, resin composites, mouthwashes, dental implants) containing metal oxide nanoparticles exhibited in vitro antibacterial activities. One study found that zinc oxide nanoparticles incorporated into glass ionomer cement did not promote antibacterial activity against Streptococcus mutans. There are only few comparative data on the antibacterial behavior of different types of nanoparticles in dental materials. Metal oxide nanoparticles are a promising future direction for dental materials with antibacterial properties."
" The aim of this study concerns the individualization of correlative aspects of the type of smile, teeth and visibility of how the therapeutic solution chosen, according to the particular clinical case provides ultimate clinical success through the aesthetic requirements. The analyzed group was represented by 40 patients, diagnosed with partial edentation; The sample was evaluated through descriptive statistics (performed in SPSS 20.0) and the smile type was emphasized by detecting the contours through image processing in Corel PhotoPaint 7.0. Regarding the type of smile met, we noted a prevalence of the convex-not contacting smile in a proportion of 35%, followed by smile convex-contacting and convex-covering, a rate of 25%, assuming the gingival smiles for a 15%. The therapeutic solutions which provided an optimal rehabilitation optimally were elected according to the established smile type. Beside the correctness of the clinical and technological maneuvers, the esthetic evaluation and the individualization of the esthetic area influence in a decisive way the final results."
" A resistance-or inductance-based saliency is needed as a prerequisite for signal-injection based encoder less position estimation methods. The differential quantities can be influenced by applying a short-circuited electrical winding on the rotor of an electrical machine. To optimize the position of this winding with little computational effort, a simplified model of the machine with a three-phase single-tooth winding based on the machine's voltage equations is presented. Afterwards, the most adequate simulated designs will be verified by an experimental setup. They show good agreement between simulation and measurement. Furthermore, the influence of the wire diameter and the number of turns on the accuracy of the sensorless position estimation for no-load conditions will be investigated. Finally, the influence of the test signal frequency on the feasibility of the encoder less position estimation for the different rotor coils will be examined. The results point out, that the wire diameter provides an additional degree of freedom for the performance of the sensorless position estimation based on magnetic saliency with a short-circuited electrical winding on the rotor."
" This paper explores the inductance characteristics present in single tooth wound synchronous reluctance motors, specifically the stator leakage inductance. Despite the nature of the single tooth design resulting in increased air gap harmonic content, having has consequences for the machines' design, performance & operation, the topology has been shown previously to be competitive for high efficiency drives. A key design constraint in the design of synchronous reluctance motors is maximizing the direct axis inductance and minimizing the quadrature axis inductance for a high saliency ratio. The effect of increased leakage inductance on this saliency ratio is explored with emphasis placed on design aspects of such single tooth wound synchronous reluctance motors. It is shown that careful design of the machine is required to maximize the saliency ratio in this machine topology and that the dominant leakage inductance component is the air gap harmonic leakage."
" Bearingless machine technology is well-suited for high-speed applications as it removes the mechanical friction by supporting the rotor with electromagnetic force. For electrical machine, which is operating in high-speed region, a short rotor length is beneficial to avoid the rotor vibration caused by structural properties of long rotor. A 6-slot tooth-coil wound bearingless machine is well suited for high-speed applications as it shortens the rotor length compared to more traditional distributed winding configuration. Drawback of the tooth-coil wound machine is the higher space harmonic content which decrease the radial force performance characteristics including ripple and disturbance forces. In this paper, the rotor skew is introduced to improve the radial force characteristics of IPM bearingless machine."
" This paper addresses the issue of mitigating the noise emission of high-speed permanent-magnet (HSPM) machines. HSPM machines are increasingly used in a large field of applications for their power density and compactness. However, increasing the speed tends to intensify the noise emissions where more and more applications require a quiet operation. The focus of this paper is to propose a HSPM structure to cope with this problem that is also well-suited to competitive markets where cost is an important factor. First, high-speed machine topologies are briefly presented in the general case and a comparison between a reference PM slotted structure with tooth-coil windings and a slotless structure toroidally wound is made. Then, general considerations are given regarding the design parameters that impact the vibrational behavior with an analytical description and a three-dimensional (3-D) mechanical finite element analysis (FEA). Finally, the noise emission and losses for both machines are compared showing that the slotless toroidal machine can be a good candidate in this field of applications."
" Tooth brushing plays an important role in one's health, and particularly, in the prevention of oral diseases. It is a fundamental oral care technique in daily life; however, many elderly or handicapped people cannot brush their teeth without assistance from helpers. The purpose of this study is to develop an automatic teeth cleaning mouthpiece robot. One of the most common methods of brushing teeth is to move the toothbrush along the row of teeth. Hence, a mechanism to wipe teeth using sponges is designed and it consists of an eccentric cam, a wiper with sponges, and a rounded guide rail. This mechanism generates rounded wiper motions along the row of teeth. Furthermore, a safety system is designed to prevent aspiration. Brushing stops automatically when the user lifts his/her jaw up from the jaw supporter."
" It is necessary to consider the torque and suspension force at the same time during the design of bearingless flux-switching permanent magnet machine (BFSPMM) and how to quickly design the key variables become critical. The rotor eccentricity was considered when building the variable structure magnetic network model of BFSPMM, in order to overcome the shortcomings of finite element time consuming and design blindness. The expressions of the optimal rotor to stator tooth width ratio and the coupling permanent magnet flux linkage in power winding are directly deduced based on the network model analysis method. Then the electromagnetic torque was deduced based on the permanent magnet flux linkage, and the suspension force was further deduced by magnetic network. Finally, the fast design of key parameters was verified to be effective by comparing with the finite element analysis and the experimental results."
 The effect of slots poles combination on inductance and torque was investigated on the motor with outer rotor bonded NdFeB Halbach cylinder designed for automotive application. Motor with Halbach rotor has better performance with higher number of slots and poles combination. The magnet eddy loss was calculated and analyzed with different slots poles. The impact of rotor back on the eddy current was also investigated. The eddy loss calculated using 3D FEA models were also compared with 2D and shows a big difference between the two.
" Linear flux switching motor with segmented secondary (LFSMSS) is characterized by two kinds of windings, i.e. the DC field windings and AC armature windings, which are distributed alternately on the mover. LFSMSS is vulnerable to large force ripple. This paper investigates the influence of two design techniques (dummy slot and auxiliary tooth) on the force ripple of LFSMSS. In addition, the simulation results of average force, force ripple and back electromotive force (back-EMF) are analyzed by 2D finite element analysis."
" In this paper, a novel stator structure with axially tapered stator tooth tip is proposed to mitigate cogging torque and reduce the machine back EMF harmonics. Furthermore, the stator tooth tips are specifically designed to provide balanced axial electromagnetic force. In order to realize continuous variation of stator tooth tip widths, the soft magnetic composite (SMC) material is used for the stator core. It is theoretically demonstrated that the cogging torque of the new structure can be reduced greatly compared with the conventional stator structure. Finally, the theoretical analysis results are confirmed by the finite-element analysis (FEA) results. A prototype has been designed and under manufactured."
" To cope with precision Electrochemical Machining (ECM) of straight teeth face gear, a precise 3D model of the straight teeth face gear is developed, and cathode design and the cathode's working surface model are built based on the gear 3D model accordingly. Taking full account of the convenient maintenance of the cathode, the cathode is designed in a detachable and split structure. The flow channel and the corresponding insulation and sealing device are designed by adopting the reverse flow of electrolyte. The essential design guidelines are developed to enable high quality cathode design to be achieved and so the precision ECM of straight teeth face gear, which are further validated by the machining trials."
" Integrated motor propulsor (IMP) is an open-type underwater propulsion device, which has no watertight problem and combines the advantages of permanent magnet motor and pod propeller. In this paper, a novel design of IMP named stator modular integrated motor propulsor (SM-IMP) was introduced. The motor part adopts a modular permanent magnet (MPM) motor with additional tooth structure. Both 18-slot/20-pole and 24-slot/20-pole MPM motors were investigated and compared with traditional permanent magnet motor for IMP. The effects of the additional tooth on the back-EMF, air gap flux density and cogging torque of MPM motors were calculated by using the electromagnetic field analysis software. The results show that the SM-IMP proposed in this paper simplifies the machining process and substantially eliminates the cogging torque, which is beneficial to improve the performance of IMP."
 This article deals with the problem of import ubstitution in Russia in the field of medical equipment. The lading task of import substitution in medicine is the creation of domestic competitive products. Based on the conducted marketing research practical recommendations on increasing the demand and increasing the competitiveness on the product “Pardus - R” are set out.
" This paper presents an investigation of influence of different winding configurations and stator teeth width on permanent-magnet (PM) machines with similar slot and pole numbers. The results show that the machine with alternative teeth wound has higher output torque and stronger fault tolerant capability by finite element analysis. Unequal stator teeth width and teeth top width are applied to improve torque density of the machines with alternative teeth wound. Six schemes of stator teeth width and teeth top width are considered. It is shown that the torque density is higher by adjusting stator teeth width and teeth top width. When the slot opening is departure from the middle of teeth, increasing the teeth top width will lead to the increase of cogging torque and ripple torque. Therefore, it is necessary to adjust the width of teeth body and teeth top reasonably to improve the torque density of machines."
" This paper describes the prediction and prevention of losing steps in helical teethed linear actuator (HTLA) for artificial muscle. When the rapid external force is applied to the HTLA, it becomes a state of losing steps. Therefore, it is important to predict and prevent this phenomenon. First, we clarified the phenomenon of losing steps in the HTLA by using numerical simulation with 3-D FEM. Next, we improved the force controller of the HTLA by adjusting of maximum current limit and two-degree-of-freedom PID control. As the results, the mover of the HTLA under the proposed controller was less likely to lose steps with respect to rapid external force and it was possible to improve the robustness for losing steps."
" In order to increase the torque density of the five-phase machines, the third harmonic is commonly employed. In this paper, the optimal and critical ratios for the third harmonic current injection are analytically derived and validated by finite element (FE) analyses. It is found that the optimal and critical injection ratios along with the torque improvement are dependent on the ratio of the third harmonic back electromotive force to the fundamental one. In order to improve the electromagnetic torque contributed by the third harmonic component, this paper employs unequal tooth to increase both the fundamental and third harmonic winding factors. Meanwhile, the optimal unequal tooth width combination is deduced and demonstrated by the FE method. When the third harmonic current is injected under the same amplitude constraint, the output torque can be improved. When the third harmonic current is injected under the same RMS value constraint, for the ten-slot/eight-pole equal tooth machine, the output torque can barely be increased, whilst for the unequal tooth machine, the output torque can be increased by 2.1%. Finally, the ten-slot/eight-pole machine with unequal teeth is prototyped and tested to prove the analyses."
" This paper explores the leakage inductance of a single-tooth wound synchronous reluctance motor and its influence on motor performance. It is shown that the stator leakage inductance heavily influences the true saliency ratio in synchronous reluctance motors and a large stator leakage inductance has a serious detrimental impact on the operating power factor. It is also shown through analytical and finite element analysis analysis that synchronous reluctance motors with single-tooth windings suffer an inherent high stator leakage inductance that is dominated the air-gap harmonic leakage component, derived from the significant stator MMF harmonics experienced with this winding type. This explains for the first time the experimental results showing a low operating power factor compared to a distributed wound machine. Measurement of the stator leakage inductance is attempted on a prototyped machine and the standardized method is found to be lacking when single-tooth windings are employed."
" Considering the high failure rate in the procedure of applying dental anesthesia, this paper presents the process of gamification of a simulator of this procedure. The objective of this serious game is to promote a more attractive learning strategy that encourages and at the same time evaluates training, reducing risks to patients. For this, it was conducted a literature review about serious games applications related to health care. From these examples, the elements of games that could be added to the current context were highlighted. An analysis of the simulator, describing its most relevant points was performed. Results, as well as discussion of problems, solutions and testing showed that the gamification process was successful and the game can be submitted to the experts evaluation."
" In this paper, a new electromagnetic jamming system (EJS) is presented to interfere with the signals of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). In particular, the remote control and global positioning system (GPS) signals required for UAV flight are jammed by the EJS which leads to a loss of UAV control. A saw tooth wave is employed and the bandwidth and center frequency can be adjusted to satisfy different requirements. To evaluate the performance of the system, several experiments were conducted in an outdoor environment. The results obtained show that the system is robust and practical."
" The effects of solar radiation on the ESR signals in human tooth enamel were investigated. Enamel samples were exposed to the sunlight in Hiroshima, Japan, on sunny days for a total of about 228 hours over one year. The intensity of the illuminating sunlight was measured with a light meter, which then was converted to the intensity of the solar radiation. Three types of signals caused by the solar radiation were identified. The signal named S1 is identical to the gamma ray radiation-induced axially symmetrical signal and contains two signals S1
⊥
 and S1
//
 corresponding to the perpendicular and parallel components of the g-tensor characterized by g
⊥
 = 2.0018 and g
//
 = 1.9975 respectively. In addition, two other peaks named S2 and S3 are induced by the solar radiation. S2 is very near the inherent signal with g = 2.0052, possibly created by the same paramagnetic centers as the natural signal, and S3 is a weaker signal with g = 2.010. On increasing the amount of solar radiation S1 increases linearly, but S2 and S3 reach saturation. The average effect of the solar radiation on the S1
⊥
 signal is estimated by dose equivalent gamma ray irradiation as 7.8 ± 0.5 mGy (MJ m
-2
)
-1
, which corresponds to 19.6 ± 1.3 mGy h
-1
 at the latitude of Hiroshima. Signals S2 and S3 may be used to recognize the effect of solar radiation on the enamel."
" We examined effects of local and whole body irradiation before tooth extraction on appearance and differentiation of osteoclasts in the alveolar bone of rat maxillary first molars. Wistar rats weighting 100 g were divided into three groups: non-irradiation group, local irradiation group, and whole body irradiation group. In the local irradiation group, a field made with lead blocks was placed over the maxillary left first molar tooth. In the whole body irradiation group, the animals were irradiated in cages. Both groups were irradiated at 8 Gy. The number of osteoclasts around the interradicular alveolar bone showed chronological changes common to non-irradiated and irradiated animals. Several osteoclasts appeared one day after tooth extraction, and the maximal peak was observed 3 days after extraction. Local irradiation had no difference from non-irradiated controls. In animals receiving whole body irradiation, tooth extraction one day after irradiation caused smaller number of osteoclasts than that 7 day after irradiation during the experimental period. Whole body-irradiated rats had small osteoclasts with only a few nuclei and narrow resorption lacunae, indicating deficiency of redioresistant osteoclast precursor cells. Injection of intact bone marrow cells to whole body-irradiated animals immediately after tooth extraction recovered to some content the number of osteoclasts. These findings suggest that bone resorption in the wound healing of alveolar socket requires radioresistant, postmitotic osteoclast precursor cells from hematopoietic organs, but not from local sources around the alveolar socket, at the initial phase of wound healing."
" A tooth enamel electron spin resonance (ESR) dosimetry study was carried out with the purpose of obtaining the individual absorbed radiation doses of population from settlements in the Semipalatinsk region of Kazakhstan, which was exposed to radioactive fallout traces from nuclear explosions in the Semipalatinsk Nuclear Test Site and Lop Nor test base, China. Most of the settlements are located near the central axis of radioactive fallout trace from the most contaminating surface nuclear test, which was conducted on 29 August 1949, with the maximum detected excess dose being 430 ± 93 mGy. A maximum dose of 268 ± 79 mGy was determined from the settlements located close to radioactive fallout trace resulting from surface nuclear tests on 24 August 1956 (Ust-Kamenogorsk, Znamenka, Shemonaikha, Glubokoe, Tavriya and Gagarino). An accidental dose of 56 ± 42 mGy was found in Kurchatov city residents located close to fallout trace after the nuclear test on 7 August 1962. This method was applied to human tooth enamel to obtain individual absorbed doses of residents of the Makanchi, Urdzhar and Taskesken settlements located near the Kazakhstan–Chinese border due to the influence of nuclear tests (1964–1981) at Lop Nor. The highest dose was 123 ± 32 mGy."
" The ESR radiation dosimetric properties of tooth enamel samples from cows and goats were investigated and compared with those of human samples. Samples were prepared first mechanically, and then chemically. The study results showed that the native signals from cow and goat samples were weaker than those from human samples; the radiation sensitivities for cow and goat samples were very close to those of human tooth enamel samples. These results indicated that cow and goat teeth could be alternative materials for radiation dose estimation."
" Etching is one of the most fundamental steps in the restoration of teeth by adhesion of composite resin in dental clinics. Atomic force microscope (AFM) was used for the in situ observation of the etching process of human enamel, dentin and synthetic hydroxyapatite in the three different acid agents, 2% phosphoric acid, 10% citric acid and 10% polyacrylic acid. To measure the absolute depth from the initial level before etching and to correlate the surface height between the changing AFM images obtained, the depth profiles were recorded with etching time by carrying out the line scan consecutively at the representative place of the observed area. These chronological series of depth profiles enabled us to perform quantitative analysis of etched amount in addition to the surface roughness obtained from relative depth profile within one image. The course of etching process from the dissolution of smear layer, appearance of enamel prizms or dentinal tubules to progress of demineralization could clearly be observed. The depth profile, surface roughness, etching amount, etching rate and smear layer thickness could then be evaluated. The different etching characteristics of three acid agents and the effect of surface roughness produced by different mechanical prepolish were compared and discussed."
" In the present investigation, a scanning electron microscopy analysis was performed to evaluate the effects of the topical application of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) gel associated with Cetavlon (EDTAC) in removing the smear layer and exposing collagen fibers following root surface instrumentation. Twenty-eight teeth from adult humans, single rooted and scheduled for extraction due to periodontal reasons, were selected. Each tooth was submitted to manual (scaling and root planing) instrumentation alone or combined with ultrasonic instruments, with or without etching using a 24% EDTAC gel. Following extraction, specimens were processed and examined under a scanning electron microscope. A comparative morphological semi-quantitative analysis was performed; the intensity of the smear layer and the decalcification of cementum and dentinal surfaces were graded in 12 sets using an arbitrary scale ranging from 1 (area covered by a smear layer) to 4 (no smear layer). Root debridement with hand instruments alone or combined with ultrasonic instruments resulted in a similar smear layer covering the root surfaces. The smear layer was successfully removed from the surfaces treated with EDTAC, which exhibited numerous exposed dentinal tubules and collagen fibers. This study supports the hypothesis that manual instrumentation alone or instrumentation combined with ultrasonic instrumentation is unable to remove the smear layer, whereas the subsequent topical application of EDTAC gel effectively removes the smear layer, uncovers dentinal openings and exposes collagen fibers."
" STRO-1 is a cell-surface antigen. A cell population that is positive for the anti-STRO-1 antibody has been shown to contain mesenchymal stem cells. STRO-1-positive cells have been reported to reside in dental pulp and periodontal ligaments as well as in bone marrow. However, the tissue localization of STRO-1 in developing teeth is not clear. The present study was designed to investigate the spatiotemporal localization of STRO-1 in developing rat teeth by immunohistochemistry using light microscopy and electron microscopy. Wistar rats at ages 2, 3, 6 and 12 weeks postnatum and embryos at 18 days postcoitum were fixed with 4% paraformaldehyde. Mandibles and maxillae were resected and decalcified in 10% EDTA. The specimens were embedded in paraffin, and sections were cut and processed for immunohistochemistry using the anti-STRO-1 antibody. Selected specimens were frozen, sectioned and processed for immunoelectron microscopy. Immunoreactions for STRO-1 were identified in some bone marrow cells. Some odontoblasts and dental pulp cells showed positive immunoreactivity in developing rat tooth crowns and roots. Alveolar osteoblasts, cementoblasts and periodontal ligament cells were also immunoreactive. Electron microscopy localized the antigen in plasma membrane and some vesicles in dental pulp cells and odontoblasts. The study suggests that the STRO-1 antigen is involved in the differentiation of mesenchymal cell lineages and formation of the matrix in dental tissues."
" This histological study was designed to clarify the relapse processes of rat molars following orthodontic tooth movement by the Waldo method. An elastic band was inserted between the upper first and second molars, and removed either 7 or 21 days later. The relapse processes of first molars were examined at 1 or 4 days after completing the 7-day-insertion and at 5 or 10 days after the end of the 21-day-insertion. At the end of the 7-day-insertion period, the mean interdental space was 158 µm, but decreased rapidly, reaching 44 µm by 1 day after removal, and 16 µm by day 4. In the periodontal ligament (PDL) compressed by elastic band insertion, partial hyalinization and/or mineralization occurred. The stretched PDL consisted of irregularly-distributed, thin principal fibres, ˜2.4 µm in diameter. On days 1 and 4 after removal, osteoclasts, macrophage-like cells and fibroblast-like cells were localized around hyalinized tissues, but thick principal fibres, ˜3.8 µm in diameter, were regularly distributed throughout the PDL proper. The mean interdental space after the 21-day-insertion was 536 µm, but this had decreased to 108 µm by day 5, and 71 µm by day 10. On day 5 after removal, numerous osteoclasts were evenly distributed in the compressed PDL, while thick principal fibres, ∽3.5 µm, were present in the stretched PDL. These results suggest that, during relapse of experimentally-moved rat molars, (i) rapid remodelling of the PDL and surrounding alveolar bones is the main cause of tooth relapse and (ii) hyalinized and/or mineralized tissues occurred by compression are rapidly resorbed by osteoclasts, macrophage-like cells and fibroblast-like cells."
" The receptor activator of NFκB ligand, RANKL, is one of the key regulatory molecules in osteoclast formation and function. We examined RANKL localization in the periodontal tissues during experimental movement of rat molars. To produce orthodontic force, an elastic band was inserted between the upper first and second molars for 4 days, and the dissected maxillae were subjected to light and electron microscopic immunocyto-chemical examination for RANKL. Expression of RANKL protein was detected in osteoblasts, osteocytes, fibroblasts, and osteoclasts mostly located in resorption lacunae. In osteoblasts, osteocytes, and fibroblasts, RANKL localization was mainly observed in the cytoplasm, the cisternae of rough endoplasmic reticulum and along plasma membranes. In osteoclasts, RANKL was expressed along the ruffled border membranes and in the cytoplasm, including the clear zone. These results suggest that during tooth movement, osteoclast differentiation and activation are regulated, at least in part, by RANKL, possibly produced by osteoblasts/stromal cells and osteoclasts themselves in the periodontal tissues."
" The atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki led to two different types of radiation exposure; one was direct and brief and the other was indirect and persistent. The latter (so-called exposure to residual radiation) resulted from the presence of neutron activation products in the soil, or from fission products present in the fallout. Compared with the doses from direct exposures, estimations of individual doses from residual radiation have been much more complicated, and estimates vary widely among researchers. The present report bases its conclusions on radiation doses recorded in tooth enamel from survivors in Hiroshima. Those survivors were present at distances of about 3 km or greater from the hypocenter at the time of the explosion, and have DS02 estimated doses (direct exposure doses) of less than 5 mGy (and are regarded as control subjects). Individual doses were estimated by measuring CO
2
–
 radicals in tooth enamel with the electron spin resonance (ESR; or electron paramagnetic resonance, EPR) method. The results from 56 molars donated by 49 survivors provided estimated doses which vary from –200 mGy to 500 mGy, and the median dose was 17 mGy (25% and 75% quartiles are –54 mGy and 137 mGy, respectively) for the buccal parts and 13 mGy (25% and 75% quartiles: –49 mGy and 87 mGy, respectively) for the lingual parts of the molars. Three molars had ESR-estimated doses of 300 to 400 mGy for both the buccal and lingual parts, which indicates possible exposures to excess doses of penetrating radiation, although the origin of such radiation remains to be determined. The results did not support claims that a large fraction of distally-exposed survivors received large doses (e.g. 1 Gy) of external penetrating radiation resulting from residual radiation."
" In order to improve the accuracy of the tooth enamel EPR dosimetry method, EPR spectra recording conditions were optimized. The uncertainty of dose determination was obtained as the mean square deviation of doses, determined with the use of a spectra deconvolution program, from the nominal doses for ten enamel samples irradiated in the range from 0 to 500 mGy. The spectra were recorded at different microwave powers and accumulation times. It was shown that minimal uncertainty is achieved at the microwave power of about 2 mW for a used spectrometer JEOL JES-FA100. It was found that a limit of the accumulation time exists beyond which uncertainty reduction is ineffective. At an established total time of measurement, reduced uncertainty is obtained by averaging the experimental doses determined from recorded spectra following intermittent sample shaking and sample tube rotation, rather than from one spectrum recorded at longer accumulation time. The effect of sample mass on the spectrometer's sensitivity was investigated in order to find out how to make appropriate corrections."
" Electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) has been successfully used as a physical technique for gamma radiation dose reconstruction using calcified tissues. To minimize potential discrepancies between EPR readings in future studies, the effects of cavity response factor, tooth position and donor gender on the estimated gamma radiation dose were studied. It was found that the EPR response per sample mass used for assessment of doses in teeth outside of the 70-100 mg range should be corrected by a factor which is a function of the sample mass. In the EPR measurements, the difference in sensitivity of different tooth positions to γ-radiation was taken into consideration. It was determined that among all the pre-molars and molars tooth positions, the relative standard deviation of sensitivity was 6.5%, with the wisdom teeth and the first molars having the highest and lowest sensitivity to γ-radiation, respectively. The current results reveal no effect of the donor gender on the sensitivity to γ-radiation."
" Irradiation before tooth extraction delays wound healing in the alveolar socket. This study examined the influences of local and whole body irradiation before tooth extraction on appearance of osteoblasts in the alveolar bone of rat maxillary first molars because bone formation is observed at the initial phase of wound healing. Several osteoblasts were generated 3 days after tooth extraction, and the number of cells increased day by day. Morphological studies showed there were little differences between local irradiation and non-irradiated controls. In contrast, the extraction wound in the whole body irradiation group showed delayed healing, and there was poor granulation tissue and very few osteoblasts at the bottom of the socket. An ultrastructural study showed that the osteoblasts in the extraction socket of whole body irradiation rats were smaller, and had poorly developed organelles. Injection of bone marrow cells to whole body-irradiated animals immediately after tooth extraction partially restored the number of osteoblasts. New periosteal bone formations outside of sockets showed little delay in the whole body irradiation group. These findings suggest that bone formation in the wound healing of extraction socket requires bone marrow cells from hematopoietic organs such as the bone marrow as well as local sources around the alveolar socket, during the initial phase of wound healing."
" The method of electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy for tooth enamel is applied to individual radiation dose determination to residents of two villages (Dolon and Mostik) in the vicinity of the Semipalatinsk nuclear test site in Kazakhstan. These villages are located near the central axis of the radioactive fallout trace of the most contaminating surface nuclear test conducted in 1949. It is found that excess doses obtained by subtraction of natural background dose from dose absorbed in enamel range up to 440 mGy to residents of Dolon, whose enamel was formed before 1949, and do not exceed 120 mGy to younger residents. To residents of Mostik, excess doses do not exceed 100 mGy regardless of age except for one resident with an extremely high dose of 1.25 Gy. These results are in agreement with the pattern of radioactive contamination of the territory after the nuclear test of 1949 except one case of extremely high dose, which should be additionally investigated."
" The method of electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) dosimetry was applied to the enamel of the teeth extracted from the residents of the Dolon and Bodene settlements of the Beskaragay district, which is the area adjacent to the radioactive fallout of the most contaminating nuclear test of 1949. The individual accidental radiation doses due to the fallout were obtained from the amplitude of the radiation induced EPR signal from the CO
2-
 radical using the calibration method, after determining the parameters of EPR measurements to obtain the best reproducibility of the signal intensities. It was shown that after subtracting the natural background dose from the total absorbed dose obtained by EPR the residents of Dolon and Bodene received accidental radiation doses up to 356 mGy with an average value of 74.1 ± 45.5 mGy before 1949 while the younger population received up to about 100 mGy with an average value of 11.5 ± 37.7 mGy."
 General aspects of applying the method of retrospective dose estimation by electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy of human tooth enamel (EPR dosimetry) to the population residing in the vicinity of the Semipalatinsk nuclear test site are analyzed and summarized. The analysis is based on the results obtained during 20 years of investigations conducted in the Medical Radiological Research Center regarding the development and practical application of this method for wide-scale dosimetrical investigation of populations exposed to radiation after the Chernobyl accident and other radiation accidents.
" Investigations were conducted into chemical treatments suitable for concentrating enamel from cow teeth. Cow teeth could be used as alternative to human teeth for retrospective dosimetry when human teeth are not available. It is essential to remove dentin from tooth enamel for low dose radiation dosimetry in order to avoid interference to the ESR signal from organic radicals. Increasing the period of chemical treatment with KOH and NaOH reduced the signal intensity of the organic radicals. The sensitivity of the dosimetric signal from inorganic radicals increased slightly with length of treatment with NaOH, which is consistent with removal of dentin, and rose to a maximum of 20% after 5h with KOH (40°C)."
" The influence of X-ray baggage scanning on electron spin resonance (ESR) dosimetry studies around the Semipalatinsk Nuclear Test Site (SNTS) has been examined at Incheon Airport in Korea, which is a transfer point of the routes from Kazakhstan to Japan. Utilized dosimeters are Japanese human tooth enamel for ESR and glass dosimeters. The difference between the estimated doses with the X-ray scan and those without it is below the evaluation errors for both ESR and the glass dosimeters. For glass dosimeters, the dose from the X-ray scan is estimated to be lower than the detection limit for the utilized glass dosimeters of ten μGy. This supports the absence of significant difference for the ESR results, which have an error in the order of ten mGy. Since ESR dosimetry for SNTS usually has similar errors, the dose by the X-ray scan in this study is concluded to be negligible in ESR dosimetry using tooth enamel from residents near SNTS."
" The Imaging Plate (IP) technique which uses the Monte Carlo code, MCNP, to convert IP response to 
90
Sr concentration with varied thickness of the standard source has been proposed in this study. In order to verify the validity of simulation calculation in the proposed method, the radial distribution of IP signal has been compared between calculation and experiment. The result is, they are in good agreement. The proposed method has been applied to a cow tooth from the territory contaminated by radioactivity after the accident in the Mayak facility in the South Ural, Russia. Two samples have been prepared from the tooth, i.e., a thin sample of 1.2 ± 0.2 mm in thickness and a thick sample which is a half of the tooth. The IP response has been evaluated for the thick sample using experimentally made standard sources, and multiplied by a modification factor to decide that for the thin sample. The modification factor has been determined with MCNP to be 0.83 ± 0.08 for a thickness of 1.2 ± 0.2 mm. Using these values, 
90
Sr concentration has been estimated to be 0.11 Bq/g for the thin sample and 0.12 Bq/g for the thick sample, hence they are in good agreement."
" The mouthparts of tadpoles of a stream breeding frog, Buergeria buergeri, from the Ohta River in Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, were examined using a scanning electron microscope (SEM). Some new species-specific taxonomic characteristics were found at the papillary border and horny beak jaws. The papillae are abundantly distributed and partially arranged in three rows having a wide median gap anteriorly but no medioposterior gap. The horny beak has somewhat roundish serrations and the upper jaw is notched at its frontal margin. These are easily detectable and useful characteristics for species discrimination of tadpoles. In this study, the denticle formula of the tadpoles was 2:4 + 4/1 + 1:2, differing from the generally assumed formula of 2:4 + 4/1 + 1:3. However, the former pattern of the lower lip (/1 + 1:2) is common to Rhacophorid frogs that have been examined throughout the world. This finding is very important in reconsidering the taxonomic position of this species. Unfortunately, we could not confirm the distribution of a stage-dependent number of marginal cusps in this species. However, the number showed 14–17 in stage 38, confirming it to belong to the multiserrate type."
" Atomic force microscopy was applied to the in-situ observation of the etching process of human teeth by acid agents. The change of surface morphology was observed consecutively before and during etching for the same area in the same specimen. The course of the etching process in enamel from dissolution of smear layer just after injection of acid agent, appearance of enamel prisms and progress of demineralization were quantitatively analysed for three fundamental acid agents of 2% phosphoric acid, 10% citric acid and 10% polyacrylic acid. Then the depth profile, etching amount, etching rate and thickness of smear layer were evaluated. Observation by scanning electron microscopy was also done and compared with the results by atomic force microscopy."
" ESR dosimetry is useful to estimate the external dose for the general population as well as for occupational workers in a nuclear emergency. Three teeth were extracted from two exposed workers (A and B) related to the JCO criticality accident. Tooth enamel was carefully separated from other tooth parts and subjected to ESR dosimetry. Doses equivalent to the γ-ray dose of 
60
Co were estimated as follows: for worker A, the buccal and lingual sides of the eighth tooth in the upper right side, 11.8 ± 3.6 and 12.0 ± 3.6 Gy, respectively; for worker B, the buccal and lingual sides of the fourth tooth in the upper right side and the fifth tooth in the upper left side, 11.3 ± 3.4 and 10.8 ± 3.3 Gy, 11.7 ± 3.5 and 11.4 ± 3.4 Gy, respectively. The estimated doses were found to be similar and not dependent on the tooth positions, whether the buccal or lingual sides in each tooth."
" Electron spin resonance (ESR) of tooth enamel is a recently developed method for the retrospective dose estimation of human radiation exposures. The assay requires isolation of enamel from dentin, which is difficult because the boundary between enamel and dentin is not easily discernible. Here we describe a simple method for isolating enamel by alkaline denaturation of dentin. The method requires 4 weeks, but scratching of the denatured and hence softened dentin is needed only once a week. Above all, no special skill is required. We found that the alkaline treatment did not cause deterioration of the ESR signal recorded in enamel exposed to 2 Gy of γ rays prior to its isolation. The assay is particularly suited for teeth containing many cracks that were generated during long-term storage after extraction of the teeth. Such teeth tend to disintegrate during enamel isolation processes, which poses difficulties to isolate enamel mechanically from individua small pieces"
" Electron spin resonance (ESR) measurement data of 98 teeth from atomic-bomb survivors who received various radiation doses were analyzed in terms of possible solar light exposure by tooth position. Each tooth was divided into buccal and lingual parts for independent ESR measurement. We found that average buccal doses were larger than their corresponding lingual doses by 0.48±0.30 Gy (first incisors), 0.33±0.38 Gy (second incisors), 0.20±0.23 Gy (canines), 0.24±0.26 Gy (first bicuspids), 0.17±0.51 Gy (second bicuspids) and 0.04±0.18 Gy (large molars and wisdom teeth). Such a clear declining trend following tooth position in the mouth is readily appreciated as due to solar light exposures. Comparisons of lingual doses of multiple teeth from the same five donors suggest that lingual doses of first incisors were also overestimated by 0.34±0.18 Gy. From the results presented, we deduce that the buccal doses of first incisors are, on the average, overestimated by nearly 0.8 Gy. Therefore, use of front teeth for biodosimetry requires special caution. How to estimate the contribution from exposure to solar light in ESR biodosimetry is discussed."
" Expression of β-actin is widely utilized as an internal control of mRNA expression in various cells. Here we show evidence that the expression level of β-actin mRNA in osteoclasts significantly differs in its intensity according to the position in bone tissues. By use of in situ hybridization, we obtained clear data showing that osteoclasts facing the distal part of a developing molar tooth germ expressed extremely high levels of β-actin mRNA in comparison with other osteoclasts observed in the mandibular bone surface. No signal was detected when β-nerve growth factor transcripts were observed. Electron microscopic analysis revealed that osteoclasts localized in these areas were functionally active, estimated from the expression of high levels of the osteoclast membrane antigen, Kat1 antigen, which associated with active osteoclasts. These data suggest that osteoclasts expressing extremely high levels of β-actin are highly related to active osteoclasts induced by the mechanical stress caused by physiological movement of molar tooth germ towards distal directions in the developing mandible."
" Tooth morphogenesis is a well-known developmental system related to epithelial–mesenchymal interactions. In mice, the dental epithelium has the potential to induce tooth formation prior to the bud stage, whereas this potential shifts to the dental mesenchyme from the dental epithelium. The reaggregation of mesenchymal tissue leads to previous memories of individual cells being reset, which is useful for studying the predetermination of mesenchyme. Here, the mesenchyme was triturated into single cells after separation of the epithelium and the mesenchyme. These single cells were repelleted and combined with the epithelium. The reaggregated tooth was transplanted into a mice kidney capsule. In order to investigate the essential functions of both the dental epithelium and the dental mesenchyme regarding their mutual interaction, a reaggregation system was introduced using the late bud stage of the mouse first molar. Amelogenin expression was examined to confirm the cytodifferentiation in the reaggregated tooth. The results showed that a new tooth formed after reaggregating the dental mesenchyme. This tooth contained enamel, dentin, dentinal tubules and dental pulp. The inner enamel epithelium of the reaggregated tooth differentiated into ameloblasts. Immunohistochemistry for amelogenin was observed both in the ameloblasts and the enamel. However, the structure of the enamel was different from that of the normal tooth, with the thickness of the predentin becoming wider. These findings suggest that reaggregated dental mesenchyme cells can produce a tooth. The fate of dental epithelium was not affected by reaggregated dental mesenchyme, although the dental mesenchyme appears to lose the information from the dental epithelium."
" The tooth is one of the ectodermal organs controlled by reciprocal interactions between the epithelium and the mesenchyme. Mesenchymal cells in the developing tooth, so-called dental mesenchymal cells, are derived from two different origins: the cranial neural crest (CNC) and the non-CNC. These CNC-derived cells migrate, proliferate and differentiate into odontoblasts, cementoblasts, fibroblasts, osteoblasts and chondroblasts. Tooth germs of wild-type mice were transplanted into the kidney of adult lacZ-transgenic mice. After 1 week of transplantation, a few lacZ-expressing cells and many red blood cells were found near or inside the blood vessels in the pulp of wild-type tooth germs. This result shows that circulating cells of the adult host could invade the dental pulp during tooth development, through the blood vessels, and be a part of dental pulp tissue. Therefore, it can be suggested that these circulating progenitor cells could be the origin of non-CNC-derived cells in tooth germ and their migration pathways would be the blood vessels invading the dental pulp during tooth development. If variations of this experiment were suitably adjusted, such as the embryonic stage of the tooth germ, duration of transplantation, etc., this transplantation experiment using adult lacZ-transgenic mice could be a good system to reveal the origin and migration pathway of cells in developing organs as well as in dental mesenchymal cells."
" Recent studies have established that heat shock proteins (HSPs) potentially play a role in immunosurveillance. The purpose of the present study was to clarify the relationship between the chronological changes of immunocompetent cells and the expression of HSP-25 in the process of pulpal regeneration after tooth injury in rat molars by immunocytochemistry for HSP-25 and class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC) antigen. In untreated control teeth, intense HSP-25 immunoreactivity was found in the cell bodies of odontoblasts. Both cavity preparation and tooth replantation caused the degeneration of the odontoblast layer to result in the loss of HSP-25 immunoreactions in the suffered dental pulp at the early stages after tooth injury. Numerous class II MHC-positive cells appeared along the pulp–dentin border and extended their cell processes into the dentinal tubules at 12–24 h after cavity preparation and 3 days after tooth replantation. Newly differentiated odontoblast-like cells with HSP-25 immunoreactivity were arranged at the pulp–dentin border and the class II MHC-positive cells retreated towards the subodontoblastic layer by post-operative days 3–5 after tooth injury. Thus, the common cellular events occur during pulpal regeneration following two different experimental injuries. These findings indicate that the time course of changes in the expression of HSP-25 immunoreactivity reflects the degeneration/regeneration process of odontoblasts and that the temporal appearance of the class II MHC-positive cells at the pulp–dentin border suggests their participation in odontoblast differentiation as well as in initial defence reactions during the pulpal regeneration process."
" Tooth eruption involves extensive degradation and reorganization of extracellular matrix (ECM) components. It is not known how ECM-degrading enzymes are coordinated with each other or how they are regulated in the event. The present study was designed to investigate mRNA expression of inhibitors of metalloproteinases (TIMPs) in comparison with matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) as well as ECM molecules during rat first molar eruption using in situ hybridization. We also examined how TIMPs are involved in the process of tooth eruption, root formation, cementogenesis and alveolar bone remodelling. Expressions of type-I collagen, osteocalcin, MMPs 2 and 8, and TIMPs 1, 2 and 3 were shown in osteoblasts, osteocytes, cementoblasts, cementocytes and periodontal ligament fibroblasts, and the concomitant high expressions of the ECM molecules, MMPs and TIMPs in alveolar bone, cementum and periodontal ligaments were identified in the middle of first molar eruption. The remodelling of ECM in these periodontal tissues might be regulated through balance among the production of ECM molecules, the degradation of ECM by MMPs and the inhibition of MMPs by TIMPs during tooth eruption."
" We studied bone wound healing processes after maxillary molar extraction in ovariectomized (OVX) aged rats, as an experimental model of postmenopausal osteoporosis, by means of scanning electron microscopy. Six-month-old female rats were either sham-operated or bilaterally OVX; and at 60 days postoperatively, the maxillary first molars were extracted. On postextraction days 4, 7, 30 and 60, the dissected maxillae were fixed and the alveolar bone surfaces around the extracted alveolar sockets were examined. In sham-operated controls, new bone formation was recognized on the buccal-side bone surfaces on day 4 and then increased in extent daily through day 60 mainly on the buccal and mesial sides. On day 60, the extracted sockets were filled with new bone mass and the surrounding alveolar bone surfaces had become smooth, indicating decreased bone metabolism. Bone resorption was prominent throughout the bone surfaces around and within the extracted sockets, increased in extent through day 7, but had decreased by day 60. In comparison to sham-operated controls, new bone formation in OVX rats was slightly increased in the early phase but subsequently showed a marked decrease. Bone resorption in OVX rats was greatly stimulated and was comparatively long-lasting. These results suggest that, under the present experimental conditions, in bone wound healing after maxillary molar extraction, (i) ovariectomy stimulates sustained bone resorption and (ii) bone formation and resorption both take place at specific sites on alveolar bone surfaces."
" The small-sized teleost fish medaka, Oryzias latipes, has as many as 1000 pharyngeal teeth undergoing continuous replacement. In this study, we sought to identify the tooth-forming units and determine its replacement cycles, and further localize odontogenic stem cell niches in the pharyngeal dentition of medaka to gain insights into the mechanisms whereby continuous tooth replacement is maintained. Three-dimensional reconstruction of pharyngeal epithelium and sequential fluorochrome labeling of pharyngeal bones and teeth indicated that the individual functional teeth and their successional teeth were organized in families, each comprising up to five generations of teeth and successional tooth germs, and that the replacement cycle of functional teeth was approximately 4 weeks. BrdU label/chase experiments confirmed the existence of clusters of label-retaining epithelial cells at the posterior end of each tooth family where the expression of pluripotency marker Sox2 was confirmed by in situ hybridization. Label-retaining cells were also identified in the mesoderm immediately adjacent to the posterior end of each tooth family. These data suggest the importance of existence of slow-cycling dental epithelial cells and Sox2 expressions at the posterior end of each tooth family to maintain continuous tooth formation and replacement in the pharyngeal dentition of medaka."
" A planetary gearbox (PG) has many advantages and thus it is widely used in industry. It is reported that poor operating conditions and complex loading can lead to the impact on the PG, even the failure of the whole transmission system. Therefore, the dynamics and vibration characteristics of the PG has increasingly attracted attentions for the aim of designing a highly reliable and low-vibration planetary gear system. In this paper, a modified dynamic model is constructed for a two-stage PG with different cracks. The modifications on the crack path setting and the combination of flexible and rigid components can avoid the excessive simplification of real cracks and try to minimize the deviation from true vibrations. The comparison with the analytical model verifies the correctness of the presented model. Another comparison with the rigid model also demonstrates that the presented model is closer to the real vibration spectrum of PG. The presented model is a useful tool for studying theoretical methods and signal characteristics."
" Given detailed microscale simulations of complicated physical processes, the multiscale gap-tooth scheme empowers efficient macroscale simulations. By coupling small patches of simulations over un-simulated physical gaps, large savings in computational time are possible. So far the gap-tooth scheme has been developed for dissipative systems, but wave-like systems arise in many applications. This article develops the gap-tooth scheme for the case of non-linear microscale simulations of wave-like systems. We show that classic macroscale interpolation provides a generic coupling between patches that achieves arbitrarily high-order consistency between the multiscale scheme and the underlying microscale dynamics. Eigen-analysis indicates that the resultant gap-tooth scheme empowers feasible computation of large-scale simulations of wave-like dynamics with complicated underlying physics. For example, we implement numerical simulations of dam-breaking waves by the gap-tooth scheme. Comparison between a gap-tooth simulation, a microscale simulation over the whole domain, and some published experimental data on dam-breaking demonstrates that the gap-tooth scheme feasibly computes large-scale, highly non-linear, wave-like dynamics with major computational savings."
" This paper is focused on the design of Axial Flux Permanent Machine (AFPM) tailored for low-speed high-torque applications. In particular, the design procedure is developed starting from a tooth concentrated winding topology; given its high reliability, this is an optimal solution in the context of electric torsional damping applications, where high torque values and good dynamic performance are required. Based on this winding solution, a sizing flow diagram is formulated in order to define the geometric/magnetic/electric parameters of the AFPM. This design approach is validated by an accurate FEM analysis. The sizing results positively validate the proposed method by leading to a designed AFPM characterized by satisfying power density."
" A model for the progression of dental caries is derived. The analysis starts at the microscopic reaction and diffusion process. The local equations are averaged to derive a set of macroscopic equations. The global system includes features such as anisotropic diffusion and local changes in the geometry due to the melting of the enamel. The equations are then solved numerically. The simulations highlight the effect of anisotropy. In addition, we draw conclusions on the progression rate of caries, and discuss them in light of a number of experiments."
" A resistance- or inductance-based saliency is needed as a prerequisite for signal-injection based encoderless position estimation methods. The differential quantities can be influenced by applying a short-circuited electrical winding on the rotor of an electrical machine. For a configuration that has been optimized in former research, 2D finite element method simulations are carried out. To be able to simulate the machine's behavior via stationary AC simulations, the frozen permeability method is used hereinafter. The advantages for the given application and the method itself will be presented. The results at no-load conditions will be compared to those gained by measurements. In summary, the simulation results at load conditions will be discussed."
" This paper discusses high-voltage, high-speed permanent magnet generators and their possible applications: space and aviation aircrafts, ships, mobile installations, etc. The main qualitative criteria for the electrical machinery power supply systems for spacecraft are determined. Different design topologies of the high-voltage, high-speed permanent magnet generators are reviewed and the optimal option is defined. Materials for use in the different constructions are discussed. Electromagnetic models of the proposed machine were created for the analysis using the finite element method and then compared. By using the method of linear scaling and based on the experimental data obtained for the low-power prototype, the output voltage, weight, and power of a full-scale experimental model were determined."
" Periodontal diseases are the largest cause of tooth loss among people of all ages and are also correlated with systemic diseases such as endocarditis. Advanced periodontal disease comprises degradation of surrounding tooth structures, severe inflammation and gingival bleeding. Inflammation is an early indicator of periodontal disease. Early detection and preventive measures can help prevent serious occurrences of periodontal diseases and in most cases restore oral health. We report a machine learning classifier, trained with annotations from dental professionals, that successfully provides pixel-wise inflammation segmentations of color-augmented intraoral images. The classifier successfully distinguishes between inflamed and healthy gingiva and its area under the receiver operating characteristic curve is 0.746, with precision and recall of 0.347 and 0.621 respectively. Dental professionals and patients can benefit from automated point-of-care early diagnosis of periodontal diseases provided by this classifier using oral images acquired by intraoral imaging devices."
" By using a dentifrice or toothpaste for sensitive teeth, the brushing-inducedeffects on dentinal tubule occlusion and abrasion of human sound dentin wereinvestigated with a scanning electron microscope and a scanning laser microscope.The dentifrice contained diatomaceous earth and silica as abrasives and strontiumchloride hexahydrate as an active ingredient. Thirty dentin pieces of humanpremolar teeth with an average of 20% occluded dentinal tubules wereattached to resin plates and exposed to the oral cavities of five adult subjectsfor 2, 4, and 8 weeks. Brushin with and without dentifrice was performed 1min per day, respectively. Brushin with the dentifrice gradually decreasedthe mean average of occluded tubules from about 91 to 77% during 2to 8 weeks, although there were no significant differences among the individualvalues. However, the mean abrasive loss of the dentin surfaces brushed withdentifrice significantly increased from about 52 to 143 µm in depth.The brushed surfaces of the dentin showed a rough topography with numeroustoothbrush scratches but no organic pellicle was found. On the other hand, brushing without dentifrice caused about 99% of the dentinal tubulesto occlude in 2 and 4 weeks and 100% in 8 weeks. The brushed dentinsurfaces at 8 weeks were entirely covered with organic pellicle containingfine mineral granules derived from saliva, and the abrasive loss was about1.4 µm in mean depth. Such results indicate that brushing with abrasivedentifrices for sensitive teeth remarkably erodes dentin, and suggest thatthe brushing should cause the dentinal tubules to open again for a certainperiod of time."
" The article compares the centrifugal pumping units electric drive dynamic characteristics at different rotational speeds of the main magnetic field. The tooth harmonics order is determined by the number of stator slots, which depends on the main magnetic field rotation frequency. Proposed mathematical model takes into account the tooth harmonics of the electric motor and the hydraulic parameters of the pump load. Research methods are: the theory of centrifugal blade machines, electric machines, operational calculus methods, equivalent replacement schemes. MatLab/Simulink software is used for simulation. The results of numerical experiment and calculations showed the influence of the tooth harmonics on the shape of the curves of the electromagnetic moment."
" The actual meshing state of Planetary Roller Screw will change, then the pre-setting meshing state could not be ensured and backlash or pre-tightening will appear, when the sizes of the tooth figure vary with the manufacture error. Therefore, a vector method is proposed to quantify meshing state of planetary roller screw, in order to precisely describe the meshing state. Using the relative position of Roller, Nut and Screw, the space meshing coordinate system is set up through coordinate transformation. The meshing vector equation of any parameters conditions of planetary screw pair, is deduced from the space meshing principle, and the meshing relationship of roller, screw and nut will be determined. Then the equation is solved by Newton-Raphson iterative algorithm, the precision of the solution is 10-15 millimeter, and the meshing state, backlash or interference can be quantified accurately. Based on this, the effect of the error of tooth figure, including arc radius of roller, helix angle, half angle of tooth figure and geometric pitch diameter for meshing state of planetary roller screw is discussed."
" This paper reports on a novel force/moment transducer small enough to replace the root of an artificial tooth. Its dimensions of 4.5 mm in diameter and 16.4 mm in height are identical to the former state-of-the-art design. However, the new design requires a significantly reduced assembly effort and imposes lower demands on the external read-out periphery. The latter improvement facilitates the simultaneous operation of a larger number of force/moment transducers. The novel design was optimized using the finite-element analysis, whose results are experimentally validated. The new design and the former state-of-the-art design are extensively tested with the same test procedure for ranges of ±3 N and ±30 Nmm. The measurement accuracies are measured to be 10, 23, and 64 mN for the forces f
x
, f
y
, and f
z
, respectively, and 161 × 10
-3
 Nmm, 302 × 10
-3
 Nmm, and 42 × 10
-3
 Nmm for the moments m
x
, m
y
, and m
z
 . Despite the simpler assembly effort and device handling, the accuracy is better or at least close to former designs. Especially, the more critical force measurements are significantly improved. Long-term stability tests show only little change in measurement performance of the two designs in time."
 The vibromechanical processes in the generators at the time pressing-out of stator core are reviewed. The authors study the redistribution of linear extensions in tooth support fingers and the vibromechanical processes relating to them.
" We separated all malpractice records for US dentists into two groups according to the total number of malpractice records (0: less than 5 records, 1: more than 4 records), extracted the first malpractice record of all dental practitioners' and used malpractice allegation group, payment and years between graduation and year of the first record in logistic regression to identify crucial factors for predicting dentists who made more than four malpractice records. Bivariate statistics, cross-correlation and principal component analysis were used to identify predictive features. Resulting model allowed prediction of dentists with frequent malpractice records based on the following characteristics of the first malpractice record: allegation type, payment amount and number of years from graduation to the first malpractice claim. Time between provider graduation year and the first malpractice record as well higher malpractice payment for the first claim were negatively correlated with the total number of malpractice records in individual providers."
" This paper proposes a four-phase buck converter with constant on-time control, which can provide large output current with low voltage ripple. We describe here two methods, which are saw-tooth-wave and PLL circuits, to achieve the four-phase converter. As a result, both methods well achieved the four-phase control, showing stable current balance and better transient response compared to single-phase converter. As for capacity of large load current, the saw-tooth-wave method achieves high current level with stable current balance, and behaves better than the PLL method."
" This study considers the reduction of the force ripple of a permanent magnet linear synchronous machine (PMLSM). The PMLSM has a relatively large magnetic air gap. Therefore, a slotted type of stator structure is generally employed. Furthermore, the detent force, which is caused by the energy imbalances owing to the interaction between the teeth-slot structures and the permanent magnets, must be minimized for better start-up performance. Therefore, in this study, the addition of the auxiliary teeth and teeth notching are employed to reduce the detent force. In particular, the influence of the auxiliary teeth and notching on the detent force is analyzed, and an experiment is performed to verify the proposed design."
" Compared to the conventional flux-reversal linear permanent magnet machine (FRLPM), a novel high-temperature superconducting (HTS) FRLPM with a lower number of mover teeth and higher thrust density is proposed in this paper. In order to explain the superiority of the proposed machine, the back electromotive force of the regular FRLPM, the lower mover teeth number FRLPM (LMT-FRLPM), and the LMT-FRLPM with HTS bulks (HTS LMT-FRLPM) are derived in this paper. The analytical results are validated by the finite-element method (FEM). Furthermore, the thrust performances of the regular FRLPM, LMT-FRLPM, and HTS LMT-FRLPM at rated load are also calculated by the FEM, which verifies the outstanding thrust performances of the proposed HTS LMT-FRLPM."
" Tooth-marked tongue or crenated tongue can provide valuable diagnostic information for traditional Chinese Medicine doctors. However, tooth-marked tongue recognition is challenging. The characteristics of different tongues are multiform and have a great amount of variations, such as different colors, different shapes, and different types of teeth marks. The regions of teeth mark only appear along the lateral borders. Most existing methods make use of concave regions information to classify the tooth-marked tongue which leads to inconstant performance when the region of teeth mark is not concave. In this paper, we try to solve these problems by proposing a three-stage approach which first makes use of concavity information to propose the suspected regions, then use a convolutional neural network to extract deep features and at last use a multiple-instance classifier to make the final decision. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method."
" Human has their limitation of recognizing the detail of an object and requires longer time to identify it, especially for identifying the teeth which is usually done by forensic dentist. Therefore, a method is required for tooth identification in dental panoramic radiograph image. In this research, we use multilayer perceptron with Levenberg-Marquardt backpropagation training algorithm, to identify molar and premolar teeth based on the region property of isolated teeth generated from the integral projections. Several image processing techniques are also implemented to overcome the low contrast of the dental panoramic radiograph image. The experimental results show that our proposed method can help the forensic dentist to identify the molar and premolar teeth and give 98.2143% of accuracy while testing 10 dental panoramic radiograph images (consist of 56 teeth) with 20 images (consist of 152 teeth) for training data."
" In this paper a new topology of the stator magnetic core made from amorphous alloy is studied on example of high-speed electric machine with permanent magnets and a tooth-coil winding with 6 slots and 2 and 4 poles with a power of 5 kW and rotational speed of 60,000 rpm The methods of electric machines designing made from the amorphous alloy material are described with regard to technological features; its advantages and disadvantages are shown. A sequence of basic iterative steps is presented, taking into account the technological features of using amorphous alloy materials in high-speed machines with permanent magnets and a tooth-coil winding. Based on the results of theoretical studies, an experimental layout was created and its initial tests were carried out at a lower frequency."
" Blue tooth shaped substrate Integrated Waveguide antenna is designed for short distance high data rate transformation RADAR applications. Blue tooth shaped antenna is designed by using Rogers RT/Duriod 5880 Substrate and Coplanar waveguide transition is used as transmission path. This Blue tooth shaped antenna analyzed the characteristic like reflection coefficient, voltage standing wave ratio and electric fields results are presented. This Blue tooth shaped antenna gives max reflection coefficient of -24.54dB at 59.8GHz and voltage standing wave ratio of 1.146 at 60GHz. This Blue tooth shaped antenna gives 5.612GHz as bandwidth. Dimensions of the tree shaped antenna are 7*4*0.508mm3. Due to its dimensions and bandwidth Blue tooth shaped antenna is more suitable for millimetre wave applications like RADAR, Wi-Fi and 5G applications for today's need of society."
" To overcome the disadvantage that the detent force of the permanent magnet linear synchronous motor (PMLSM) with short primary is large, a scheme of the modular PMLSM with flux barriers is proposed in this paper. First, the detent force model is established and verified. The phase-angle characteristics of the harmonics in the detent force waveforms are analyzed. Then, the design principles of the scheme with different sectional combinations are analyzed, and two series of the combinations are demonstrated. The detent force and thrust characteristics of these combinations are subsequently compared. In addition, to improve the thrust density, the auxiliary teeth set at the ends of the sectional primary cores are proposed. Finally, the corresponding conclusions obtained by comparing the modular motors with the traditional motor are presented."
" Resolvers are widely used in high performance motion control of inverter-driven motors. Among different types of resolvers, axial flux wound-rotor (AFWR) resolvers have gained more attention due to their higher stability against static eccentricity. So, in this study the influence of stator and rotor winding arrangements on the accuracy of AFWR resolvers is presented. A single/two phase distributed, constant turn winding is considered for the rotor and the influence of short circuit damper winding of the rotor is investigated. For the stator, constant turn, distributed winding and variable turn, on-tooth winding is examined. Finally, it is shown that using variable turn on-tooth winding for the stator along with a damper winding for the rotor leads to the most accurate resolver. All the simulations are done by 3-dimensional time stepping finite element method (3-D TSFEM). And, experimental test on the prototype of the studied sensor is used to evaluate the simulation results."
" This paper presents modeling simulation and temperature analysis on micro-gripper with constant heat flux applied. Half part of the device is designed as it is symmetric in geometry. Electric potential applied, at its anchors will cause displacement of the material. The application of displacement is used in biomedical application. The displacement, Electric current conduction, caused heat generation and change in structure due to stress and strain takes place. Finite Element analysis is carried out to verify the design and temperature analysis is done."
" Near-infrared (NIR) is a non-ionizing, non-invasive method to identify and quantify caries at any stage. In dental imaging, the tooth's optical property exhibits lower absorption of stain and deeper penetration into tooth because the enamel is highly transparent to NIR. The image captured using NIR camera is of low contrast and resolution and requires visual enhancement.It is performed using morphological operations. The features are extracted from the Otsu's segmented caries image. The feature subset using the Gray-Level Cooccurrence Matrix (GLCM) are extracted, trained and tested using Support Vector Machine (SVM)classifier. SVM classifier categorizes the affected region in the image as normal or abnormal. The performance of the SVM classifier is compared with Scaled Conjugate Gradient - Back Propagation Network (SCG-BPN) classifier and Generalized Regression Network (GRN) classifier. The validation of the caries using SVM classifier outperforms the other two classifiers in the literature."
" As part of the ongoing NGC-project (Next Generation Car) related to the research of new technologies for future road vehicles at the DLR, this paper is dedicated to the substitution of an optimization method of a brushless electrically excited synchronous machine for use in electrical vehicles. In this application high torque densities and small vibrations are needed, so an optimization of torque and torque ripple is done. As optimization parameters torque ripple reduction techniques as skewing, cosine formed tooth and width of tooth are chosen. The combined multi-parameter optimization is necessary because of interactions between the optimization parameter effects. An analysis for a machine of 25 kW, used in urban electric vehicles, is done with different excitations to build up the working points. The results show a large effect of increasing skewing to decrease torque and increase ripples independent of excitation. The effects of the other techniques are smaller. The cosine form has in the example optimization a strong dependency on excitation."
" Novel multi-tooth linear variable flux reluctance machines (LVFRMs) are proposed in this paper. First, the topologies and feasible primary-/secondary-pole combinations of singleand multi-tooth LVFRMs with six primary poles are introduced. Based on the analytical analysis of permeance model, the maximum average force can be obtained when the dc field and ac armature copper losses are equal. Moreover, four small teeth per primary pole (n = 4) LVFRM exhibits the largest average force. Furthermore, the electromagnetic performances of singleand four-tooth LVFRMs with N
s
 = nN
p
 + 1 are comparatively studied using the 2-D finite-element analysis (FEA). It is shown that 6/25 primary-/secondary-pole four-tooth LVFRM can provide higher force capability and lower force ripple than that of 6/7 primary-/secondary-pole single-tooth LVFRM at relatively low copper loss. Similar to singletooth LVFRMs, four-tooth LVFRMs with N
s
 = nN
p
 ± 1 exhibit more sinusoidal back electromotive force, larger thrust force and lower force ripple than those with N
s
 = nN
p
 ± 2. Finally, the 3-D model of 6/25 primary-/secondary-pole four-tooth LVFRM is investigated to validate the 2-D FEA predicted results."
" Various disruptions in the body functions resulting from accidents and injuries, reveal the need for biomaterials. Biomaterials are divided into various classes. One of them is bioceramics. Ceramics such as hydroxyapatite (HA), tricalcium phosphate (TCP), which form the inorganic part of the composite, are widely used in biomedical implant applications and bone regeneration due to their bioactive and biodegradable properties. In this study, bioceramic (HA, Florapatite (FA), TCP) synthesis was performed from human tooth minerals. Structural (X-ray Powder Diffraction (XRD), Fouirer Transform Infrared Spektrofotometre (FTIR)) and morphological-elemental (Field Emission Gun Scanning Electron Microscopy (FEGSEM)- Energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS)) analyzes of the bioceramic structure have been performed to characterize the materials that can be used in major tissue engineering applications."
" In the era of Big Data, visualization of scientific literature is instrumental to comprehend the overall progress of a knowledge domain. Researchers in the past have published a massive amount of scientific publication in various forms such as journal article, conference proceeding and short communication. In the early years, researchers have conducted bibliometric studies with less emphasis given on visualization. However, recent developments in the use of visualization techniques have allowed more complex and interactive visualization in bibliometric research through the application of various software packages. This has allowed more graphical representation to complement bibliometric studies. One of the key benefits of using visualization is the improvement on cognitive and perceptive understanding in quantitative and verbal information. Realizing this potential, we intended to visualize Dental research data in Scopus according to (a) Co-authorship networks (b) Keyword co-occurrences and (c) Cited references pattern and citation burst."
" Antikythera Astronomical Device, the oldest calculator with multiple-functions, is driven by gear trains with five subsystems. The authors synthesized four feasible 1-DOF designs of the lost mechanisms for interior planetary motions by a systematic design procedure. The optimal teeth design corresponding to the simplest structure is presented. To compare the ancient astronomical theory, the peak errors respectively for Mercury and Venus are about 0.227 and 0.365 days. It is proved strongly that the reconstruction designs generated by systematic synthesis procedure are feasible."
" In Power systems the smart grids are taking place of the traditional grids. The main aspect of the smart grid is the two way communication between the power grid and consumer. This two way communication can be carried out by a single cable having conductors and optical fiber in a single OPLC cable. In this paper, we worked on the performance analysis of optical fiber when stranded together with phase conductors as the stress generated by the increase of temperature causes microbending in the optical fiber. In this paper, G.652.D and G.657.A2 are analyzed by using teeth connector experimental setup to experimentally scrutinize the attenuation loss occur due to the displacement of cladding layer with in the optical fiber due to the stress generated by the current flow in conductors. The step size is taken as 0.01 mm to create the micro bend in the optical fiber and analyze the number of micro bends the optical fiber can handle for the attenuation loss up to 0.15 dB/km. A critical displacement is determined for the optical fiber above which the loss has become unacceptable for the communication."
 Magnetic systems with teeth-slot zone applied in vibratory compressors electric drives are considered. Magnetic conductance of an air gap of a magnetic system with a teeth-slot zone is calculated more accurately by the flux probable path method. The magnetic conductance components which are the most part of their sum have been found. Additional coefficients are proposed to improve the magnetic conductance calculation accuracy. These coefficients permit to decrease the calculation accuracy by 1.5 ... 2.4 times in comparison with known flux probable path methods.
" Objective: In dentistry, dentists perform many treatments with a few visually magnified information. About deep area of root canals, it commonly relies on exploration carried out with the fingers of the dentist, because the root canal entrance is very small to be observed. In clinical practice, the intraoral camera and endoscopic systems are separate devices, and there are no sensors to capture both pictures of the whole tooth and those inside the root canal. Objective of this research is to combine the intraoral camera and endoscopic system facilitating to use clinical practice. Methods: We propose an endoscopic system based on the thin image fiber, SOPROLIFE intraoral camera as an image sensor, and a new adaptor to connect the two parts. We observed resolution charts with 50, 25, 10, and 5 line pairs (LP)/mm patterns. The acquired images are processed to both remove fixed-pattern noise using robust principal component analysis and enhance contrast. Results: The acquired images containing all LP/mm patterns were clear and showed higher contrast after processing. Visibility of the processed images is 1.7, 1.6, 2.2, and 1.9 times higher than that of the raw images for 50, 25, 10, and 5 LP/mm patterns, respectively. Conclusion: Our fabricated endoscopic system based on the SOPROLIFE intraoral camera could observe 50, 25, 10, and 5 LP/mm patterns. After image processing, the noise was reduced, and high-contrast images were obtained. Significance: This system can be considered as a further step toward facilitating noninvasive and contactless systems in clinical practice."
" Objective: In dentistry, dentists perform many treatments with a few visually magnified information. About deep area of root canals, it commonly relies on exploration carried out with the fingers of the dentist, because the root canal entrance is very small to be observed. In clinical practice, the intraoral camera and endoscopic systems are separate devices, and there are no sensors to capture both pictures of the whole tooth and those inside the root canal. Objective of this research is to combine the intraoral camera and endoscopic system facilitating to use clinical practice. Methods: We propose an endoscopic system based on the thin image fiber, SOPROLIFE intraoral camera as an image sensor, and a new adaptor to connect the two parts. We observed resolution charts with 50, 25, 10, and 5 line pairs (LP)/mm patterns. The acquired images are processed to both remove fixed-pattern noise using robust principal component analysis and enhance contrast. Results: The acquired images containing all LP/mm patterns were clear and showed higher contrast after processing. Visibility of the processed images is 1.7, 1.6, 2.2, and 1.9 times higher than that of the raw images for 50, 25, 10, and 5 LP/mm patterns, respectively. Conclusion: Our fabricated endoscopic system based on the SOPROLIFE intraoral camera could observe 50, 25, 10, and 5 LP/mm patterns. After image processing, the noise was reduced, and high-contrast images were obtained. Significance: This system can be considered as a further step toward facilitating noninvasive and contactless systems in clinical practice."
" The BLDC motor is preferred for different industrial applications due to the advantage of high speed range, higher proficiency, enhanced dynamic response and longer life. BLDC motor have high torque ripple. Major reason for this torque ripple is cogging torque. This work shows the investigation and design optimization for decreasing the cogging torque by changing the stator teeth tang span to alternate the shape of stator teeth. It results in Peak to peak reduction of cogging torque. Hence the vibration and noise are minimized. The analytical design of the proposed system is completely analyzed using Finite Element Method (FEM) and the simulation is performed using MagNet software."
" This study aims to increase load carrying capacity of internal spur gear mechanism with making stress balance between pinion and internal gear thanks to changing standard thickness on pitch circle. As standard, this thickness value is half of pitch. Actually, it could be changed provided that total pitch value is constant. To evaluate effect of tooth thickness change on stress, finite element analyses were conducted. As an expected result with increasing thickness on pitch circle, the stress decreases. Specific thickness values which make maximum stress equal was determined. Besides, the total mechanism weight was reduced with this design change."
" End-toothed disc is an important part in the machine tools and construction machines. To realize quick and accurate positioning in the gear transmission system, high-precision end-toothed disc is essential. In this paper a new tolerance design approach for end-toothed disc is presented based on normal probability distribution model of tooth profile error. To describe the matching relationship between the structure parameters and tooth profile tolerance, the contact equation of a pair of end-toothed disc which evaluates the influence of each tooth structure parameters to the tolerance is derived. The results from this error analysis are utilized to innovate the indexing accuracy calculation model and to optimize the calibration procedure to ensure the tooth profile error in a given tolerance range. Contents and methods of this paper are useful theoretical references and practical guidance for the profile tolerance design of high-precision end-toothed disc."
" External gear machines (EGMs) are used in a variety of industries ranging from fluid power machinery to fluid transport system and fuel injection applications. To gain understanding of the performance and dynamic characteristics of operation of these units, several simulation tools have been developed in past. Some of these tools are based on lumped parameter approaches, which are useful for fast design studies and optimizations. However, most of these models are based on “a priori” assumptions, particularly as concerns the flow regime of the leakage flows. Internal leakages not only determine the volumetric efficiency of an EGM, they also affect the actual pressure loading on the gears. A simple Iaminar flow assumption is usually considered for the leakage flow at the tooth tip of the gears, but as this paper will show, for certain EGMs this hypothesis is not valid, and effects of turbulence at the tooth tip are observed. The goal of this paper is to propose a methodology for fast lumped parameter approaches to model the tooth tip leakage flow in EGMs, applicable for a broad range of operating conditions. The proposed model considers the occurrence of turbulent flow conditions as well as the entrance pressure drop, with considerations based on existing published work and CFD simulations. In order to show realistic simulation, the proposed model is implemented within the HYdraulic GEar machines Simulator (HYGESim), developed by the authors' team over the past years. The proposed model is then used to study the tooth space volume pressurization and leakage flow on a reference pump working with Jet A-l fuel, showing the importance of the proposed modeling approach."
" Spy robot is used for spying on the specific target. It comes in automatic and manual control obstacle detection, is one of the feature of this robot including temperature detection. As it's a spy robot the size of the robot is smaller than other robots but it is not the smallest robot. We have used android phone as a camera and another android phone as a monitor to watch and control robot automatically. The robotic vehicle can be easily operated from any android device. It provides a good user interface for handling the vehicle. The android device can operate the vehicle at a good Bluetooth communication range. The Bluetooth receiver at the vehicle is used to transmit control movement data from app to vehicle. We also provide temperature sensor to senses real time temperature and provide output in application. Such type of application mostly used in military system or any high temperature system to detect there situation."
" This paper proposes a rotor tooth shaping method to reduce the cogging torque of an axial flux-switching permanent magnet machine. The rotor tooth is shaped in different configurations, including constant, trapezoidal, asymmetrical, extended, and square shapes to evaluate the effects on cogging torque ripple minimization. A three-dimensional (3-D) finite-element analysis (FEA) is performed to compare the proposed shapes of the rotor tooth. Peak-to-peak cogging torque, fundamental flux linkage, loaded torque, and the total weight of teeth are compared using various rotor tooth angles. The simulation results show that overall minimum cogging torque is achieved by the extended shape of the rotor tooth. 3-D FEA results are also verified with experimental results."
" This paper investigates a special tubular staggered-teeth transverse-flux permanent-magnet linear machine (TST-TFPMLM) for a free-piston Stirling power generating system. With the complicated flux leakage characteristic of the TST-TFPMLM considered, the general forms and evaluation method of the flux leakage are investigated by finite-element analysis, and the distribution law and reduction method of the flux leakage are obtained. To help the initial design of the TST-TFPMLM, both back electromotive force (EMF) and thrust are taken as the main concerned aims, and the influence of some primary structural parameters on both back EMF and thrust is studied. To improve the key performances of the TST-TFPMLM, the power factor is investigated with respect to the dimensions of permanent magnets (PMs), winding turns, armature current, internal power factor angle, and tooth tip dimensions. Furthermore, the methods of improving both efficiency and thrust density are explored. A prototype machine is manufactured and tested, and satisfactory experimental results are obtained, showing the feasibility of the TST-TFPMLM for the free-piston Stirling power generating system. This investigation provides a new idea to solve the drawbacks of conventional transverse-flux PM linear machines, which include complicated structure, poor manufacturability, high flux leakage, and low power factor."
" In this paper, a new 6/10 hybrid switched reluctance motor (HSRM) is proposed. This original topology deploys permanent magnets (PMs) between adjacent stator poles of a divided teeth SRM. The function of the PMs is to weaken the magnetic saturation in stator poles, which is a major obstacle of torque improvement for divided teeth SRMs. Besides, the magnetic flux in the airgap increases as well. Hence, the output torque can be increased significantly. The flux distribution of the topology is analyzed by using an equivalent magnetic circuit. The topology is optimized by using the genetic algorithm for the best torque performance. Additionally, the characteristics of the proposed topology are compared with a 12/10 SRM, a 6/10 two-teeth SRM, a 12-slot, 10-pole three-phase six-state PM brushless DC motor, and a flux switching permanent magnet motor of the same dimension. A prototype of the proposed topology is built for experimental verification. The simulation and experimental results indicate that the proposed topology can achieve high torque density and high PM utilization factor simultaneously."
" Being much more rugged than a rotor made of traditional steel sheets, a solid rotor is frequently used in high-power high-speed induction machines (IMs). Furthermore, by a solid-rotor machine, a higher rotating speed can be achieved. However, the solid rotor also has certain disadvantages, the relatively high solid-rotor eddy-current losses being the most serious one. Basically, solid-rotor eddy-current losses are mainly induced by time-spatial air-gap flux density high-order harmonics. The suppression of the high-order harmonics is the key means to mitigate the rotor eddy-current losses. In this paper, a novel computational model is proposed for evaluating the rotor harmonic eddy-current losses of a 2 MW, 12 000 r/min IM. The model was built on a special machine referred to as a virtual permanent magnet harmonic machine (VPMHM). The model was constructed by applying the finite-element method (FEM), and it is based on the time-spatial harmonics produced by a rotating magnet with sinusoidal magnetization. The VPMHM model links the air-gap flux density harmonics directly to the specific rotor eddy-current losses. Furthermore, according to the proposed model, three options, namely, the use of air-gap permeance modifying notches on the stator teeth, semimagnetic wedges, and their combination, were investigated in detail for mitigating the rotor eddy-current losses in the motor nominal operating point. The results and conclusions in this paper are based on the FEM analysis."
" Linear permanent magnet motors (LPMMs) have been used in a wide range of applications from automation to transportation in recent years. Detent force component, which is added to total force directly, is an important issue in industrial applications where smooth position control is required. Auxiliary teeth design is critical to obtain smooth operation. In this paper, auxiliary-teeth design optimization is investigated to reduce the detent force by the end effect of the motor. The LPMM performance and effect of the auxiliary-teeth are analyzed by using finite element analysis (FEA) package. Also, the prototype linear motor with auxiliary-teeth has been manufactured in order to obtain linear motor performance. The experimental results are also compared with the FEA results."
" This paper presents relation between stator core shape and torque ripple for a surface-mounted permanent magnet (SPM) motor. An SPM motor with different stator core shapes is analyzed to clarify the influence of tooth width on torque ripple. In order to consider detailed magnetic properties of non-oriented electromagnetic steel sheet used for a stator core, a motor is analyzed by using 2-D finite element method which introduced an E&S (Enokizono & Soda) model. Furthermore, torque ripple reduction is attempted by chamfering the corner of tooth-tips. As a result, it is shown that tooth-end width and tooth-tip shape are very important for not only torque increase but torque ripple reduction."
 The paper presents the investigation of magnetic conductance derivative in compressor linear magnetic system tooth-slot zone operating air gaps. The total magnetic conductance maximal component is found. The investigation results permit to simplify further design and selection of a magnetic system with the tooth-slot zone that provides maximal traction force.
" In order to improve the overload ability of permanent magnet (PM) torque motor, a PM torque motor made by oriented silicon steel sheets is proposed in this paper. The proposed motor is constructed with single tooth assembly structure, which make the rolling direction coincides with the radial direction and the cutting direction coincides with the peripheral direction. Because of the higher saturation magnetic density of the rolling direction, the proposed motor can present higher overload ability. The finite element software ANSOFT is employed to simulate the load torque, and the simulation results show the motor with oriented silicon steel sheets can provide higher torque with the same condition compared with the non-oriented ones. And then by adjusting the width of tooth, the narrower tooth width can make the overload ability advantage of oriented silicon steel sheets motor more obviously."
" In the Indonesian dentistry education system, students are required to enrol a further professional program after receiving their bachelor degree. Dentist co-assistant is a terminology to identify those whose level education is a professional program. This two-year program emphasises more in the practical skill, and in consequence, dealing with actual problems are a necessity. To do so, a dentist co-assistant is requested to find their own patients to fulfil such requirements. However, difficulties arise to connect the one with patient because of dilemmas in patient screening, issue of trust, difficulties in scheduling, and so forth. Considering dentistry is a part of city's domain, the primary objective of this research is to propose an intermediary system to connect dentist coassistant and patient in Indonesia under the smart city concept. Despite some limitations, such a well-design prototype has successfully built up. With the total usefulness score and agreement rate of 4.01 and 81.8%, respectively, the evaluation outcome indicated a positive user acceptance."
" This paper presents the analytical computation of the slot leakage inductance for permanent magnet (PM) machines with tooth-coil winding (TCW). Inductance equations are derived with detailed permeance determination for vertical or horizontal coil side arrangement in the slots, assuming a straight-line path for the flux leakage. Generalized expressions for the slot leakage inductance of the whole phase for different slots and poles combinations are proposed to be used during the dimensioning stage of a machine. Finite element (FE) simulations were carried out in a 6 slot and 4 pole machine to validate the analytical expressions, showing a good agreement between both methods."
 This paper presents a 7 MW direct-drive permanent magnet wind power generator with tapering stator teeth and distributed arrangement of superconducting armature windings. Power density of the proposed machine is improved and the AC loss is reduced. These results are also verified using commercial finite element analysis software.
" It is a research hotspot in the intersection of stomatology and computer science that three-dimensional (3D) virtual tooth orthodontics, and plays an important role in the fields of orthodontic treatment and teaching. The 3D reconstruction of tooth is the basis of the virtual tooth orthodontic system, through which the geometric information of the tooth could be obtained freely. Firstly, the typical methods of acquiring tooth data were analyzed. Secondly, the present 3D reconstruction methods of tooth were compared of the ideas, advantages and disadvantages, and they were classified into six kinds based on point cloud, CT image, twodimensional contour slicing and so on. Lastly, the development of virtual orthodontic system is briefly analyzed. This paper's work is of theoretical significance and guidance for the research of 3D reconstruction of tooth."
" The article describes a variant of designing of linear switched reluctance generator, optimized under criterion of energy efficiency. It is proposed to optimize using the genetic algorithm within calculating the generator's magnetic field by the finite element method. The mathematical model of linear SRM is described, and also the results of the simulation are presented."
" This paper presents the latest achievements in the area of instrumented teeth. It reports a six-degree-of-freedom force/moment transducer (FMT) based on a redesigned sensor chip in 350-nm CMOS technology equipped with 32 piezoresistive microsensors and capable of measuring three force and three moment components. The system was optimized by defining new positions of the stress sensing elements on the chip which maximize the smallest singular value of the sensitivity matrix of the FMT. Thereby its performance with respect to the applied load states is effectively improved. The transducer is calibrated in the clinically relevant ranges of ±3 N and ±3 N mm. Its resolutions of the three force components f
x
, f
y
, and f
z
 are 16 mN, 6 mN, 54 mN, respectively, while for the three moment components ms, my, and mz they are 0.069 Nmm, 0.060 Nmm, and 0.040 N mm. In comparison with the previous state of the art, this represents an improvement by a factor of up to 5. Especially the distinction between f
z
 and m
y
 improved significantly."
" The analysis of the vibration behavior of a gear transmission under healthy and damaged tooth conditions by dynamic simulation requires accurate knowledge of the gear Time Varying Mesh Stiffness (TVMS) and its corresponding changes when a tooth fault occurs. Common methods for evaluating the TVMS under conditions of tooth spall utilize specific geometric shapes to model the spalling defects. These methods generally assume that the tooth spall has a flat bottom with cliff-like material loss i.e. a suddenly changing dent depth. However, in practice, the flake of the surface material usually possesses a curve shaped bottom with a gradually changing dent depth. Therefore, modeling the tooth spall as a flat bottom with constant dent depth may not actually reflect the tooth spall features in practice. To address this shortcoming, this paper proposes a method that uses a spherical shape profile to model gear tooth spalling. The effectiveness of the proposed method in modeling gear TVMS under single and multiple tooth spalling conditions is then analyzed."
" Human teeth based on hydroxyapatite (HAp) with vary of calcination temperature has been prepared at the temperature of 650°C, 800°C, 950°C, 1100°C, and 1250°C for 4 hours. Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR), X-Ray Diffraction (XRD), and Scanning Electron Microscope-Energy Dispersive X-Ray (SEM-EDX) were used to analyze the characteristics of HAp. The spectra FTIR of HAp confirmed the existence of various functional groups such as phosphate, hydroxyl, and carbonate. The XRD results revealed that the calcination temperature had affected the HAp phase. There were diffraction peaks of HAp with the impurity of tricalcium phosphate (TCP). Crystallite size of HAp tended to increase by increasing calcination temperature (32,695 to 40,950 nm). Morphology of HAp changed from irregular to regular form with the increase of calcination temperature that indicated there was calcination increase crystallinity in HAp sample. In addition, EDX results pointed to the presence of Ca and P with the Ca/P ratios from 1,55 to 1,68. Therefore, HAp based human teeth were potential to be used for bone graft application."
" Teeth are important organs in vertebrates. The accurate classification of teeth is beneficial for dentists to diagnose. In this manuscript, we put forward a novel teeth classification algorithm combined principle component analysis and extreme learning machine. Principle component analysis was used to extract features from the teeth images and extreme learning machine served as the classifier. Experimental results suggested that our method is effective in identification of four categories of teeth."
" Since the demand of the mobile devices is increasing, when the mobility is concerned, the miniaturization techniques of circuits, circuit components and antennas are become popular beside reducing the size of the devices. However, it should be noted that, the size reduction should not affect the operating frequencies of the mobile device. In this paper, a practical approach is presented to reduce the size of a planar microstrip patch antenna to achieve lower frequencies. which is based on cutting the antenna into slots in shape of saw teeth."
" In dentistry, radiological examinations help specialists by showing structure of the tooth bones with the goal of screening embedded teeth, bone abnormalities, cysts, tumors, infections, fractures, problems in the temporomandibular regions, just to cite a few. Sometimes, relying solely in the specialist's opinion can bring differences in the diagnoses, which can ultimately hinder the treatment. Although tools for complete automatic diagnosis are no yet expected, image pattern recognition has evolved towards decision support, mainly starting with the detection of teeth and their components in X-ray images. Tooth detection has been object of research during at least the last two decades, mainly relying in threshold and region-based methods. Following a different direction, this paper proposes to explore a deep learning method for instance segmentation of the teeth. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first system that detects and segment each tooth in panoramic X-ray images. It is noteworthy that this image type is the most challenging one to isolate teeth, since it shows other parts of patient's body (e.g., chin, spine and jaws). We propose a segmentation system based on mask region-based convolutional neural network to accomplish an instance segmentation. Performance was thoroughly assessed from a 1500 challenging image data set, with high variation and containing 10 categories of different types of buccal image. By training the proposed system with only 193 images of mouth containing 32 teeth in average, using transfer learning strategies, we achieved 98% of accuracy, 88% of F1-score, 94% of precision, 84% of recall and 99% of specificity over 1224 unseen images, results very superior than other 10 unsupervised methods."
" In this paper, a novel multi-tooth switching flux permanent magnet memory (SFPMM) machine is designed and compared with conventional multi-tooth switching flux PM (SFPM) machine in terms of electromagnetic performance. Moreover, the flux adjustment capability and flux weakening capability are also compared between SFPMM machine and conventional SFPM machine. It shows that the novel multi-tooth SFPMM machine has better flux adjustment capability."
" The color stability of acrylic denture teeth is important for the denture wearers as this reflects the overall appearance of their face. The aim of this study was to evaluate the color stability of the acrylic denture teeth when immersed in turmeric and black coffee solutions. Sixty acrylic denture teeth were used in this study. These teeth were divided equally into three groups: a control group (distilled water), turmeric and black coffee solutions. The color changes were recorded after Day 1, Day 7 and Day 15 of immersion period. The color measurements were performed by using Coral dental shade guide and a visible spectrometer. The visual assessment from the shade guide showed that the acrylic denture teeth immersed in turmeric solution had the most color change compared to the black coffee solution. The spectrometer analysis showed that the change in reflectance value was higher for acrylic teeth immersed in turmeric solution compared to black coffee solution, indicating more color changes in turmeric sample compared to black coffee sample. It was concluded that acrylic denture teeth showed less color changes when immersed in the black coffee solution compared to turmeric solution and that the amount of color change also increased proportionally with time."
" Tooth mode has been proven to be adaptable for the diagnosis of periodontal disease. However, in previous studies of tooth mode computation, model settings, including boundary condition and model structure integrity, were quite different. Whether these settings themselves would significantly affect computation results were unknown, and consistent settings that provide support for the generalization of results are desired. This paper aimed to study this by investigating the effect of three commonly used boundary conditions and model structure integrity on tooth mode computation. Three finite-element models of the mandibular tooth-periodontal ligament-bone complex (TPBC) with different levels of structure integrity were constructed. For each model, tooth modes under three boundary conditions were computed, respectively, using modal analysis. Six order modes of each tooth were extracted. The same order mode shapes of different teeth were the same. Compared to the difference of natural frequency (NF) between healthy and periodontal disease, the difference of computed NF of a tooth caused by different boundary condition settings was slight, and the difference of computed NF of a tooth caused by model integrity was slight. The results suggest that the effect of the three boundary conditions and structure integrity of the TPBC model on mode computation of a given tooth is neglectable. Therefore, to compute the mode of a given tooth, these settings can be selected regarding other issues instead of differences caused by these settings themselves."
" In computer-aided design and manufacturing (CAD/CAM) for dentistry, the digital dentition model is usually acquired using intraoral scanner or impression model scanning before further processing. Both tooth shape and shade play important role in treatment planning for patient satisfaction with dental esthetics. However, most of current intraoral scanners cannot generate good enough color texture information. For impression model scanning, tooth shade is even lost when making impression. In the paper we consider the technique using the image-to-geometry registration method to map color intraoral photographs onto the virtual models. We investigate the automatic technique to accurately find correspondences of the digital model and the color intraoral photographs. This eliminates manual placement error of correspondence for the registration."
" Implant-tooth-supported fixed dentures are designed clinically due to the limitation of the local anatomy in specific implant sites or following an implant failure. However, it is difficult to precisely simulate the post-surgical biomechanical behavior on alveolar bone tissue with daily mastication. This paper presents and validates a reliable system to predict alveolar bone material properties and to identify the best fit treatment. We randomly chose 23 patients who had been followed for at least three years after Implant-tooth-supported fixed dentures. A poroelastic finite element model (FEM) is designed to characterize the biomechanical stresses of the aortic tissue for each patient. The Kernel least mean square is used to model the relationship between the alveolar bone material properties and biomechanical stress features generated by the daily occlusal force. Therefore, the alveolar bone material properties and the optimal treatment can be predicted by this integrated model prior to the operation for a new patient. The prediction accuracy of our model is 91.5%, more accurate than linear finite element model-LFEM (72.8%), mass-spring model-MSM (78.5%), and mass tensor model-MTM (80.2%). That demonstrates the high value of this model as a decision-making assistant for surgical planning of the patients who are scheduled to undergo dentures. The results of this paper demonstrate that this integrated model can predict alveolar bone material properties postoperatively with high accuracy. It combines bio-mechanical and machine learning approach to create a surgical planning tool which may support the clinical decision in the future."
" Use of braces plays a major role during orthodontic treatment procedures. In clinical orthodontic procedures placement of braces is usually followed after essential treatment to the tooth surface. Treatment on the tooth surface like enamel etching, and prophylaxis smoothing with pumice results in considerable damages to the enamel surface of the tooth. In this study, we have proposed optical coherence tomography as a noninvasive imaging technique for the evaluation of damage induced during such treatment procedures. Using depth intensity analysis of the obtained cross-sectional images, damage resulting to the enamel surface was studied after prophylaxis smoothening and etching steps."
" In the presented work the research of the structure of the tooth enamel was made using Cole-Cole curves. The results of the study show the dependence of the complex impedance and its phase as function of frequency. Based on this, impedance diagrams (Cole-Cole) for molars are constructed. These studies were made with the same external conditions at different distances from the masticatory surface of the tooth using an Immittance meter E7-20. Estimated data on the size of the structural elements of enamel are obtained using the diagrams. It turned out that with increased distance from the masticatory surface the sizes of the tooth structure elements also increase. The comparison of this data with the AFM studies of the same areas of the tooth provides evidence that the diagrams reflect the actual dimensions of the elements of the tooth structures."
" In this paper, on the basis of a conventional 12-stator-coils/17-rotor-teeth (12/17) flux-switching permanent magnet (PM) (FSPM) machine and a 6/17 V-shaped FSPM machine, a novel 6/17 multi-tooth FSPM machine with a pair of magnets located in the upper apex of stator tooth is proposed. Then, four multi-tooth topologies sharing the same 6-stator-coils but with different rotor teeth combinations, namely, 6/17, 6/10, 6/11, and 6/13, are compared by the 2-D finite element analysis (2-D-FEA). The FEA-predicted results reveal the optimal combinations of stator coils and rotor teeth should be 6/17 for high-performance multi-tooth machines. Thereafter, an optimal design criterion of multi-tooth FSPM machines for the combinations of stator coils and rotor teeth is proposed. Afterward, electromagnetic performance evaluation between the 6/17 V-shaped and 6/17 multi-tooth machines is conducted, in terms of back electromotive force (back EMF), electromagnetic torque, cogging torque, phase inductance, unbalanced magnetic force (UMF), torque/magnet ratio, and efficiency. The comparative results indicate that the proposed 6/17 multi-tooth machine is superior to the V-shaped one, since it exhibits much higher torque/magnet ratio, larger torque, lower inductance, and much lower UMF, though the cogging torque and total harmonic distribution of phase back EMF are unfavorably larger."
" High-power heavy-haul locomotive has already been the development trend of Chinese heavy load freight. As a vital equipment of the locomotive system, gear transmission system is usually employed to deliver the traction or the braking power between the traction motor and the wheel/rail contact interface. The increasing dynamic load of the gear transmission induced by the raising of locomotive traction or braking power is likely to cause failures to the gear transmission system, which will affect the reliability and safety of the railway vehicles. This paper established a spatial dynamics model of high-power heavy-haul locomotive considering dynamic effect of the gear transmission based on the multibody dynamics theory in which the gear transmission is established as a sub-model. The time-varying mesh stiffness of the gear pair with tooth root crack was obtained by `slice method' which is an analytical mesh stiffness calculation approach based on the potential energy principle. The fault vibration characteristics of the gear transmission under the complicated excitations from the wheel/rail nonlinear contact, the rail geometric irregularity, and the periodic gear mesh process are studied."
" This paper presents a methodology for the analytical computation of the slot leakage inductance of tooth-coil winding permanent magnet synchronous machines. Generalized equations for the slot leakage inductance of the whole phase are derived, suitable for several slot-pole combinations, and meant to be used during the machine design stage. For simplicity, self- and mutual-inductance components are formulated using the classical method with detailed permeance determination for both horizontal and vertical distribution of coil sides in the slots, considering a straight-line path for the flux leakage. Several slot-pole combinations were simulated by means of the finite element (FE) method in order to validate the analytical equations in both approaches, FE and analytical, showing adequate concordance."
" Due to the epicyclic motion of planet gears, the vibration picked up from planetary gearboxes is different from that observed from the fixed-axis gearboxes. In particular, the vibration transfer path is time-varying, which makes the time synchronous averaging (TSA) not directly usable to reduce the nonsynchronous interferences for improving the signal-noise ratio (SNR) of vibration. Hence, it is difficult to detect teeth faults of planet and sun gears. In order to address this issue, a novel scheme is proposed in this paper, which combines the vibration separation, equi-angle resampling, and resonance demodulation approaches. In the proposed scheme, the complex envelope of the vibration is extracted by the fast kurtogram algorithm at first. Then, the envelope is equi-angle resampled to eliminate the inevitable speed fluctuations. Subsequently, a window function is used to grab the envelope data series at a fixed angular position related to the ring gear, such that the problems caused by time-varying vibration transfer paths are solved. Then, synthetic envelopes can be constructed by connecting the data in the data blocks according to the teeth mesh sequences of the interesting gear, where a data mapping scheme and a synthetic envelope determining strategy based on maximum kurtosis are introduced. Furthermore, the TSA is applied to the synthetic gear envelope to improve the SNR. Finally, spectral analysis is utilized to expose the characteristic frequencies. The effectiveness of the proposed method is validated by comparative experiments with the normal and faulty planet and sun gears in a planetary gearbox test rig."
" In this paper, a five-phase V-type hybrid-excited permanent magnet (FV-HEPM) machine with unequal teeth is introduced for high torque density and wide flux regulating range, which can be applied in some wide speed-range applications such as electric vehicles (EVs) and hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs). The consequent pole is adopted in the rotor, in which the interior PM is designed as the V-type to improve rigidity and flux density. The stator teeth are divided into the main teeth and the auxiliary teeth to achieve parallel magnetic circuit for the inhibition of demagnetization. DC-excitation windings and armature windings are employed on the stator for better space utilization. Through graphical analysis, the operating principle and topology of this machine are discussed. Afterward, six models with different PM shapes are analyzed and compared by the finite-element (FE) method. A multi-objective optimization method is adopted to optimize the PM size for better electromagnetic performances. The results prove that FV-HEPM machine has not only the excellent torque output capability but also the wide flux regulating ability."
" For the integer slot permanent-magnet (PM) driving synchronous motor, the zeroth-mode slot frequency vibration and noise play a significant vibroacoustic role in the low-frequency domain. For conventional analysis in literature, it is usually assumed that the zeroth-mode vibration is caused by the zeroth-order radial force harmonic. But in this paper, the genuine reason for zeroth-mode vibration is proposed and discussed in detail, which is different from the conventional analysis. The teeth chopping effect is proposed and demonstrates that the slot number order radial force is the root of the zeroth-mode vibration of the motor. After the analysis of the zeroth-mode vibration in existing research work is presented, the teeth chopping effect is introduced and described. The amplitudes of the zeroth-order and slot number order forces are compared with an analytical method, while their amplitudes and caused deformations of these forces are calculated with the finite-element method (FEM). Finally, to validate the analytical and FEM results, a 6-pole 36-slot PM driving motor is manufactured and tested, and the results are in good agreement with those of the FEM results."
" Cogging torque in radial generator triggers an output power reduction. Normally, cogging torque is caused by air gap width variation between stator and rotor. This research presents methods to reduce cogging torque in dual-stator radial flux permanent magnet generator (DS-RFPMG). It is a radial generator which has two stators located on the inner and outer sides of the rotor. DS-RFPMG has a simple manufacturing, however its design method is complex. This research compares three design methods: stator tooth pairing, stator displacement and pole-arc to reduce the cogging torque in DS-RFMPG. Those generators are applied to low speed wind turbine. In stator tooth pairing design method and stator displacement design method, the cogging torque was successfully reduced but the frequency distribution increased. While on pole-arc ratio design, the cogging torque increased, however the frequency distribution could be reduced. The best optimization could be achieved when those three methods were combined. The design configuration of [6.5-11.5; 40° and -40°; 0.6667] was the best configuration for this research. This configuration design has been able to reduce the effective value and the frequency distribution value of cogging torque. This is indicated by the cogging torque effective value of 0.21 Nm, or has been reduced by 83%, and the frequency distribution value has been reduced by 590%."
" Augmented reality (AR) technology, as a computer simulation technology, combines various technologies such as virtual reality, computer vision, computer network, and human-computer interaction. AR has been widely used in medicine. The introduction of AR can effectively help the doctors to complete preoperative planning, intraoperative guidance, postoperative evaluation, and medical training. Oral medicine is a major branch of modern medicine. AR can enhance the doctor's visual system, making the internal structure of the oral clearer and effectively reducing the difficulty of oral repair/surgery. Real-time tracking, registration, display, and interactive technologies for AR will play an important role in oral medicine. Among them, registration technology has become an important indicator for evaluating the AR system, and it is also the main bottleneck restricting the stability and applicability of the current AR system. Therefore, we reviewed the registration technology of AR in oral medicine. First, we conducted a hot spot analysis of AR keywords based on Citespace. And then, the registration technology is divided into static registration and real-time registration according to the actual clinical application, among which static registration is divided into rigid registration and non-rigid registration. We discussed problems and limitations of static registration and real-time registration in oral applications at this stage. Finally, the future direction of AR registration technology in oral medicine is proposed."
" Permanent magnet flux-switching machine (PMFSM) with a single-phase multi-tooth design is analyzed in this paper. This paper presents a design comparison between conventional design single-tooth and novel multi-tooth design for a single-phase (PMFSM) with 8S-16P and 4S-8P designed specifically for an electric bicycle applications. The result analysis of this motors has been certified using the 2D-FEA analyses. While, matched with a conventional (FSM), a multi-tooth design motor involves a considerably lesser magnet volume material than a conventional PMFSM machine. Meanwhile, as only half of the number of slot pole and volume of permanent magnets is requisite, and it reveals a high torque performance. However, it shows that the torque capability and performance issues can be increase by using ""deterministic optimization method"" (DOM)."
" This paper proposes a subdomain model for open-circuit field prediction in dual-stator consequent-pole permanent magnet machines. The whole field domain is composed of four types of sub-domains, including magnets, air gaps, slot openings, and slots. The proposed model takes the effect of tooth-tips into account, which can accurately calculate the flux density in slots and cogging torque. The finite-element (FE) model is established, which validates that the proposed subdomain model can quickly and accurately predict the magnetic field distribution and cogging torque in dual-stator consequent-pole permanent magnet machines."
" This paper proposes a novel Dual Mover Yokeless Multi-tooth Linear Flux Switching Permanent Magnetic (DMYMLFSPM) machine that is suitable for low speed applications. Utilizing commercial Finite Element Analysis (FEA) package, two different topologies, i.e., conventional Dual Stator Yokeless Multi-tooth Linear Switched Flux Permanent Magnet (DSYMLSFPM) machine and proposed DMYMLFSPM are analyzed and compared for electromagnetic performance such as detent force, attractive force, average thrust force, thrust force ripple ratio, no load flux linkage, and Total Harmonics Distortion (THD). Results illustrate that proposed DMYMLFSPM machine have negligible attractive force, lower thrust force ripples ratio, reduced cogging force and THD, while higher average thrust force, when compared with conventional DSYMLSFPM machine. Proposed machine is suitable for applications where high power density, low attractive forces and thrust ripples are required."
" In the paper, the deformation of the inner surface of the flexspline (FS) of the harmonic drive (HD) is different with the deformation of the top of the flexible gear is presented. For improving the meshing qualities of harmonic drive, to analysis the cause of the different deformation, to avoid meshing interference between FS and circular spline (CS), the curvature difference between the inner surface and the tooth top of the FS after deformation is analyzed based on ring theory. In order to make the deformed tooth profile reach the predetermined meshing position, this paper takes the double arc tangent tooth profile as an example; a new tooth profile of FS was designed by shifting the coordinates of tooth profile to avoid undercutting during meshing, and then improves the operation reliability between FS with CS. To verify the effectiveness and correctness of the research, the finite element method (FEM) is employed to verify the different deformation between the inner surface and the tooth top of the flexspline."
" Segmentation of teeth in Cone-Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) images is challenging problem due to its noise and the similar grayscale intensity of bone and teeth element. In this paper we proposed a new method based on three-dimensional (3D) region merging and histogram thresholding for automatic segmentation of teeth on CBCT images. The proposed 3D region merging algorithm can recognized the teeth element that have similar intensity with the bone element based on the three-dimensional (3D) information of the neighboring slices of the CBCT image. Merging the teeth region will lead to more homogenous grayscale intensity distribution inside the teeth. Then histogram thresholding that utilized the characteristic of CBCT images is performed to binarize the grayscale images and obtain the teeth object. The average accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of the proposed method are 97.75%, 80.22%, and 98.31%, respectively. The proposed method is fully automatic, therefore lead to more objective and reproducible results."
" In order to ease the manufacture process of very large permanent magnet (PM) machines, such as direct drive wind power generators, modularity technique is usually adopted. Although conventional fractional slot PM machines with all teeth wound windings show good performance, the coils located at the end part of each segment could be easily damaged because of being exposed to the air. In addition, the local winding faults could easily proliferate to the whole machine due to the physical touch of adjacent coils. Thus, a novel modular fractional slot PM machine with redundant teeth is proposed in this paper, while three phases within each set of winding are still balanced. The construction of the proposed modular PM machine having 42-slots/32-poles (42S/32P) combination is described in detail as an example, which can be treated as the integration of six 6S/5P segments and a redundant 6S/2P machine. The reason for using 6S/2P machine is to get rid of the undesirable unbalanced magnetic force (UMF), which usually exists in rotating asymmetric machines, such as 3S/2P PM machine. Since the end part of each segment in the proposed modular PM machine can be covered by half redundant tooth during the production, more protection can be provided for coils located in these regions. Furthermore, the separation of six segments can improve the fault-tolerant capability of the machine. The electromagnetic performance predicted by finite-element analysis (FEA) also demonstrates that the proposed modular machine will perform better if dual three-phase winding is adopted. Finally, the experiments on the prototyped machine validate the analysis in the paper."
" Considering the system deformation, a procedure to predict the mesh behaviors for face-hobbed hypoid gear pair in car rear axle was proposed based on the tooth surface model and the finite element analysis (FEA) tooth contact model. The mathematical model of face-hobbed hypoid gear was derived based on the manufacturing process. The systematic model of the whole rear axle was developed in Masta, and the misalignments caused by system deformation of the hypoid gear pair was calculated. The impacts of the comprehensive misalignments and independent misalignments on mesh behaviors of hypoid gear were studied, respectively. Results show that the comprehensive misalignments under the rated load level have less influence on the contact characteristics. However, for the parametric studies of independent misalignment, the offset misalignment, and the gear axial misalignment have obvious influences on the contact pattern and transmission error. The peak-to-peak value for angular transmission error with the offset misalignment decreases significantly, when misalignment change from negative to positive. While that with the gear axial misalignment increases progressively. For shaft angle misalignment has an obvious impact on the location of the contact area and it causes a little increase of the peak-to-peak value for transmission error. Relatively, the pinion axial misalignment has diminutive impacts on the contact pattern and transmission error."
" To solve the problem of low efficiency, the complexity of the interactive operation, and the high degree of manual intervention in existing methods, we propose a novel approach based on the sparse voxel octree and 3D convolution neural networks (CNNs) for segmenting and classifying tooth types on the 3D dental models. First, the tooth classification method capitalized on the two-level hierarchical feature learning is proposed to solve the misclassification problem in highly similar tooth categories. Second, we exploit an improved three-level hierarchical segmentation method based on the deep convolution features to conduct segmentation of teeth-gingiva and inter-teeth, respectively, and the conditional random field model is used to refine the boundary of the gingival margin and the inter-teeth fusion region. The experimental results show that the classification accuracy in Level_1 network is 95.96%, the average classification accuracy in Level_2 network is 88.06%, and the accuracy of tooth segmentation is 89.81%. Compared with the existing state-of-the-art methods, the proposed method has higher accuracy and universality, and it has great application potential in the computer-assisted orthodontic treatment diagnosis."
" This study evaluates the polymerization shrinkage of a bulk fill flow composite photoactivated by continuous or ramped irradiation. Sample teeth were prepared with Class I occlusal cavity. The fiber Bragg grating sensors are placed along bucco-lingual and mesio-distal directions for measuring the shrinkage and temperature. The results reveal that ramp irradiation protocol showed a slower evolution of shrinkage polymerization curve, but the final values of shrinkage for continuous and ramp protocols are not significantly different. The ramp irradiation protocol showed higher temperature changes than that of the continuous irradiation procedure."
" This paper presents the design, construction, and testing of a low-noise high-force double-sided linear iron-core motor for high-precision and high-throughput system applications such as in semiconductor photo-lithography machines. Linear iron-core permanent-magnet motors can emit significant vibration and acoustic noise due to high spatial-frequency force harmonics, causing harmonic vibrations of a moving stage. As a design solution to such motor noise, we presented magnetic designs of a new linear iron-core motor having fine teeth, narrow slots with high aspect ratio, and a moving skewed Halbach magnet array in an earlier article. In this paper, we present a further noise reduction method of directly canceling out the normal-direction force harmonics by using a symmetric double-sided motor. In the conventional iron-core motor design, the double-sided configuration achieves more than 70% overall noise reduction relative to a single-sided configuration. The new fine-tooth motor even in the single-sided configuration reduces the acoustic noise further by 79% from the double-sided conventional motor, which corresponds to 95% noise reduction compared to the single-sided conventional motor. By configuring the fine-tooth motors in a double-sided manner, we achieve more than 35 dB noise reduction in sound pressure level during acceleration regions, which corresponds to a 50:1 reduction in units of Pascals. In this paper, we also present the high-shear-stress performance of the double-sided fine-tooth motor, achieving 8.2 G with a 12.3 kg stage using only two magnet pole pairs each for the upper and lower motors."
" This paper discusses the method for determining the pressure variation of the working fluid along the periphery of the gears in the sealing region (from the inlet to the outlet) for external gear pumps. A system of algebraic equations is formed to determine the pressure distribution in the teeth space along the circumference of the gears in the sealing zone by using the isothermal, laminar flow equations between parallel plates for determining the leakage through the different kinds of clearances."
" In this paper the results of the numerical determination of the pressure variation of the working fluid for external gear pumps with symmetric and asymmetric tooth profiles have been given. It is shown that for pumps with asymmetric teeth profiles, the pressure variation is more uniform as with symmetric teeth profiles. Regardless of the shape of the teeth, the greatest pressure drop is the pressure on the first teeth spaces in relation to the intake chamber, due to the difference in radial clearance for the different teeth as a result of the eccentric arrangement of the gear relative to the pump case."
 This paper will investigate the use of a Halbach array in an in-wheel motor. It highlights the benefits of introducing a Halbach array to reduce the rotor-core-back depth and compares two different stator topologies for the application: a parallel teeth and a parallel slots.
" In this paper, a delta-sigma modulator (DSM) with uniform pulse-width modulation (UPWM) quantizer for digital audio class-D power amplifier is presented. A pole-moving approach for Inverse Chebyshev filters is proposed to stabilize the UPWM modulator as well as improve its performance. The characteristics of the saw-tooth carrier for UPWM quantizer is explored to reduce the output switching rate and the power loss in class-D amplifier in the pulse-density modulation (PDM) case. In the presented single-loop sixth-order UPWM modulator with the ameliorated saw-tooth carrier, an SNDR of 120 dB within 20-kHz bandwidth can be achieved under full-scale signal input. With the proposed schemes, the highest transfer efficiency of 1 for digital class-D amplifier can also be obtained."
" With ever more IoT (Internet of Things) and bigdata applications, the emerging blockchain techniques provide fundamental supports to credibly track the transactions of digital assets. Public blockchains, e.g., bitcoin, are often energy-consuming and low efficient. Therefore, an empirical study of operating permissioned blockchains in clouds is urgently needed. In this paper, we study the performance of Sawtooth, a well-known permissioned blockchain platforms from Hyperledger, in cloud environments. Our results provide insights for blockchain operators to optimize the performance of Sawtooth through adjusting the two configuration parameters, i.e., Scheduler and Maximum Batches Per Block. Our approach can be used to test other blockchain platforms."
" To achieve rapid on-site detection of the heavy metal contaminations in foods, a portable heavy metal continuation instrument has been developed. The instrument is made up of the K60 embedded microcomputers and the corresponding electronic systems. The constant potential measurement method with the anodic stripping voltammetry is used for the measurement. Through the blue-tooth communication module HC-05, the data in the testing module are transmitted to the upper machine: the tablet computer or other types of the Android platform, where the test results be displayed, and can further be transmitted to the cloud service system to realize the food safety supervision and make proper responses in time. The instrument was tested by the standard technical supervision bureau and the results show that this instrument can achieve satisfactory accuracy for the measurement of the heavy metal contamination."
" RV reducer is a commonly used transmission device in the industrial robot system. It incorporates two stage drive; the first stage uses involute planetary gear and the second stage uses cycloidal pin wheel. In order to make up for thermal expansion and manufacturing errors and ensure that the meshing portion of the cycloidal wheel is close to the conjugate tooth profile, the cycloidal wheel needs to be modified. The calculation results show that when the combination modification including positive equidistance modification and negative moved distance modification method is adopted, the modified cycloidal tooth profile more closely approaches the original tooth profile. In the method of cycloidal wheel modification, the tooth profile after modified by rotated angle is generally used as the objective function for fitting. The traditional fitting range is a complete tooth profile, while the fitting range in this paper is only limited to the meshing area. Finally, we get the equidistance modification amounts and moved distance modification amounts after modified by two methods. We compared the two methods: the results show that both the tooth profile designed by the new method and the traditional method can mesh effectively in the meshing area. But in the tooth top, the tooth profile designed by the new method has a larger gap, which can better meet the modification requirements."
" This paper analyses the DC winding induced voltage in a partitioned-stator hybrid-excited switched-flux permanent magnet (PS-HESFPM) machine under open-circuit operation. The phenomenon and mechanism of the open-circuit DC winding induced voltage are described. Two techniques are proposed and comparatively analyzed by the finite element (FE) method to reduce the open-circuit DC winding induced voltage, i.e., rotor pole arc pairing and unevenly distributed rotor teeth, respectively. FE results show that the peak to peak value of the open-circuit DC winding induced voltage can be reduced by 89.89% and 88.73%, whilst the average on-load electromagnetic torque can be maintained at 97.64% and 97.02%, by using rotor pole arc paring and unevenly distributed rotor teeth, respectively."
" The open-circuit DC winding induced voltage in a hybrid-excited switched-flux permanent magnet (HESFPM) machine is investigated in this paper. The phenomenon of the DC winding induced voltage under open-circuit condition is presented and the mechanism of this phenomenon is explained. Rotor step skewing and unequal rotor teeth are comparatively investigated by the finite element (FE) method to reduce the open-circuit DC winding induced voltage. FE results show that the peak to peak value of the open-circuit DC winding induced voltage can be effectively reduced by 78.87% with 5-step rotor skewing, whilst the average electromagnetic torque can be maintained at 96.74%. By using unequal rotor teeth, the peak to peak value of the open-circuit DC winding induced voltage can be reduced by 95.43% and 86.54% for the optimal machines 2 and 3, respectively, whilst the average electromagnetic torque can be maintained at 89.93% and 94.62%, respectively."
" In this study, two different fixation methods, strong fiber + flow resin adhesive splint and Super-bond adhesive splint, were used to treat the second degree of loose tooth, and finite element simulation was performed. The mechanical changes of periodontal ligament were analyzed by applying the same load but different angles to the loose tooth. Conclusions: the periodontal ligament stress will increase sharply about 5.126 MPa - 43.43 MPa if the treatment is not taken when the tooth has II degree loose with 2 mm overlap. The mechanical states of periodontal ligament are different in different loading angles and different locations under 25N loading. The max Von Mises stress of the periodontal ligament and the max displacement of the teeth increase linearly with the loading angle in the same position, which indicates that the reasonable occlusal angle during the daily chew is more conducive to the treatment of periodontal disease. The fiber splint reduces the displacement of the loosed tooth by about 72.30% - 91.12%, and the maximum stress decreases by 1.808 MPa - 38.275 MPa. The Super-bond adhesive splint reduces the displacement of the loosed tooth by about 78.88% - 92.20%, and the maximum stress decreases by 2.878 MPa - 38.637 MPa. The results show that in the reduce stress of the periodontal ligament or limit the displacement of the loosed tooth after repaired by the two kinds of splints, which repair effects are very obvious, but Super-bond adhesive splint is better."
" As a novel surface treatment technique, laser shock peening has been widely employed to optimize fatigue performance of target metals. Our previous study has proved that laser shock peening can effectively improve the fatigue life of AISI 9310 gears. This study focuses on the crack initiation and propagation stage, further investigates the influence of residual stress on gears fatigue lives. Subsequent bending fatigue test under the same loading can generate similar experiment results. It turns out that the AISI9310 gears in our study are at the infinite fatigue life stage after laser shock peening."
" Detection of gear tooth crack fault through vibration analysis relies on extracting the fault induced periodic impulses. Singular value decomposition (SVD)-based methods have been used for periodic impulse extraction. Reported reweighted SVD-based method did not consider interferences from non-fault related vibration components on the periodic modulation intensity (PMI) criteria, leading to the selection of incorrect signal component(s) for reconstruction. This paper proposes an improved SVD-based method by adopting autoregression model-based baseline removal approach. SVD is applied to decompose the residual signal, instead of the raw signal. The interferences from non-fault related vibration components on the PMI are therefore eliminated. Simulation study has shown that the improved method outperforms the reported method in detecting early tooth crack fault."
" Transmission components are prone to fatigue damage due to high and intermittent loading cycles, that cause premature failure of gearboxes. Recently, several vibration-based diagnostics approaches using Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) algorithms have been proposed to identify gearboxes faults. However, most of them rely on a large amount of training data collection from physical experiments, which is often associated with high costs. This paper offers an ML and DL classification performance comparison of several algorithms to diagnose faults in a gearbox based on realistic simulated vibration data. A dynamic model of a single-stage gearbox was developed to generate data for different health conditions. Generated datasets were fed to ML and DL algorithms and accuracy results were compared. Results revealed the superiority of Convolutional Neural Network compared to other classifiers. This research contributes to the prevention of catastrophic failures in gearboxes by early crack detection and maintenance schedule optimization."
 The principle of operation and constructive solution of a motor for technological vibratory mixing equipment is considered. The electromagnetic motor traction characteristics have been calculated and analyzed. Static traction force values have been found for different technological gap sizes. Induction and current intervals have been established for the electromagnetic motor optimal operation mode. The developed electromagnetic motor advantages over existing analogs are stated.
" In order to solve the taper error and tooth slope error of gear, the measurement principle of multi-degree-of-freedom gear error is proposed. The measurement of radial comprehensive error of gear is realized based on the principle of double flank rolling of gear, and the measurement of taper error and tooth slope error of gear is realized based on multi-degree-of-freedom measurement structure of standard gear. Because the measurement system adopts the measured gear to drive standard gear under the condition for the tooth double profile surfaces to engage, and the axial slope of standard gear is measured by micro-displacement sensors which is set in shafting of standard gear during meshing process, so the influence of machining precision of inner hole of measured gear on taper error and tooth slope error is avoided. The tape error and tooth slope error of are defined and given the formulas in this paper. The measuring principle and precision of the system are verified by Monte Carlo method, and the measurement principle of multi-degree-of-freedom gear error is right."
" Bluetooth, a short range communication standard, helps in sharing information between paired devices with high security, using Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum (FHSS) technique. When a file is being transmitted, the link between the devices undergo any distraction, and if the link is broken, even after transmitting 70% more amount of data, there will 0% in the receiver device, or it cannot be opened as its not completely received. The proposed idea is to develop an effective communication that will help an individual to retrieve the data, first, by moving the receiving content to permanent memory soon after every N bits received in buffer. Secondly by fixing a timeslot after which the content will be moved to permanent memory. With the amount of information received, using bilinear interpolation technique, the left out data (if it is below 30%) is predicted to complete the process."
" Manufacturers normally buy and/or fabricate communication chips using third-party suppliers, which are then integrated into a complex hardware-software stack with a variety of potential vulnerabilities. This work proposes a compact supervisory circuit to classify the operation of a Bluetooth (BT) SoC at low frequencies by monitoring the input power and radio frequency (RF) output of the BT chip passed through an envelope detector. The idea is to inexpensively fabricate an envelope detector, power supply current monitor, and classification algorithm on a custom low-frequency integrated circuit in a trusted legacy technology. When the supervisory circuit detects unexpected behavior, it can shut off power to the BT SoC. In this preliminary work, we proto-type the supervisory circuit using off-the-shelf components. We extract simple yet descriptive features from the envelope of the RF output signal. Then, we train machine learning (ML) models to classify different BT operation modes, such as BT advertising and transmit modes. Our results show ~100% classification accuracy."
" The possibilities of improving the axial asynchronous engine by formation of two-section magnetic circuit and rotor winding with radial conical surfaces of teeth, tangential displacement of the core parts of sections and intermediate short-circuiting rings are shown. The displacement of the core sections of winding within of the toothed division limits is equivalent to the slots slope of machines with a cylindrical gap and weakens the electromotive forces and additional moments from the higher harmonics of the magnetic field. The condition for sectional components of the rotor currents compensation from the magnetic field toothed harmonics is obtained."
" In this paper, a dual stator, spoke-type linear machine (DSSLM) is proposed with high electromagnetic performance by using the phase-group concentrated-coil (PGCC) windings. The spoke-type configuration allows to use low-cost ferrite magnets for a high magnetic flux density in the air gap. The PGCC windings are capable of obtaining a unity displacement winding factor with short end winding turns. Then the stator-shift method is introduced to increase thrust force and suppress detent force (DF). In addition, the stator additional teeth (SAT) are adapted to improve electromagnetic performance. Finally, by using the finite element method (FEM), the electric performance of the proposed model is analyzed and compared with a basic model. The compare result shows that the proposed DSSLM has advantages of improved voltage, higher thrust force, and lower DF at low operation speed, which is well suit for wave energy conversion."
" A novel five-phase vernier motor with permanent magnets on both sides of the rotor is proposed, which has the characteristic of fault-tolerant (FT), and the double stators and the intermediate rotor are adopted. The basic configuration, the working principle and the matching principle of the slots and poles of the motor are introduced. The finite element model of the motor is constructed, and the electromagnetic performance and fault tolerance capability are analyzed. Finally, a design of the stator tooth eccentricity is proposed to improve the sinusoid of the no-load back EMF and to increase the output torque."
" This paper proposes an optimal design to improve the torque and power factor of a dual-rotor axial-flux aligned permanent magnet vernier machine (DR-AFAPMVM) according to the results of two dimensional finite element analysis (2D-FEA). The stator tooth-slot structure in a vernier machine has the flux modulation effect and determines the main flux path, therefore, the optimal design of stator is an effective choice to achieve larger torque and power factor. Genetic algorithm (GA) is utilized as the basic optimization algorithm to obtain the final optimal result, which is further verified by FEA."
" In this paper, a novel transverse-flux machine with dual-tooth-slot core configuration is proposed for direct-drive applications, which is characterized by high-torque density and high utilization rate of motor space. Firstly, the structure and working principle of proposed machine is introduced. Then, the basic electromagnetic performance is analyzed by finite-element method. Then, some influences of design dimensions on electromagnetic torque and cogging torque are analyzed. The torque density per volume of proposed motor is 20.2kN.m/m
3
 (force density per gap area is 2.3N/mm
2
), which is considerable excellent among various transverse flux motors."
" This paper proposed a new consequent-pole permanent-magnet servo motor (CPMSM) based on field modulation, which has a surface-inset PM (SIPM) rotor with an arch on PMs. To increase the torque density under low speed, split teeth on main stator teeth are adopted. The fault-tolerant teeth and single-layer concentrated windings are employed to achieve phase decoupling and improve reliability. By using finite element analysis (FEA), the electromagnetic characteristics of the proposed motor are analyzed. The influence of main parameters, such as pole-arc coefficient, PM thickness and the height of the arch on PMs on back EMF, average torque and torque ripple are investigated. Furthermore, optimal design is developed to improve the performance of the proposed motor. Simulation results verified that the proposed motor is suitable for applications requiring low speed and high torque, such as robotic joints."
" Dental biometry has a leading role in forensic human identification. Identifying a person in mass disasters and major catastrophes, which have frequently happened due to airplanes crashes, tsunamis, fire accidents, etc is a challenging problem if conventional biometrics, e.g., face, fingerprint, iris, etc. is not available. Dental characteristics of persons are naturally unique and can be used to identify individuals based on their dental radiographs. In this paper, we present a new and workable method for identifying humans, that extracts the dental mandibular information from panoramic dental radiographs which is used as a biometric identifier. The system segments the mandible from dental panoramic X-ray images to obtain the outer mandibular contour coordinates. Time series is then obtained from the extracted contour coordinates which gives the structural information of the mandible. AR model is then fitted to this time series and the AR coefficients thus obtained form the feature vector representing each mandible. These feature vectors are later used for matching and identification using the Euclidian distance classification criteria. In order to assess the proposed system, we have carried out experiments at three different orders of AR model using a database of 120 ante-mortem and 90 post mortem panoramic dental images, obtained from 30 individuals. The experimental results show that the proposed system is effective in identifying individuals and exhibits better results at order 3 of AR model with a Recognition rate (RR) up to 75.52%, low Equal error rate (EER) of 23% and a rank-1 identification rate of 76.66%."
" A Harmonic drive is a core component of industrial robot joints, which can greatly affect rotation accuracy and reliability. The Twice conjugated meshing (TCM) has an important influence on improving the coincidence and meshing performance of the harmonic gear transmission with double-circular-arc Common-tangent tooth profile (DCTP). A parametric design method of DCTP which can obtain continues TCM is proposed effectively. Based on the envelope theory and the deformation of flex spline (FS), the expression of the conjugate tooth profile (CTP) of the circular spline (CS) is derived. By analyzing the influence of FS parameters on CTP, the geometric relationship of CTP under TCM is found. The HD design with TCM is realized by adjusting the tooth profile parameters of FS. The calculation of error and backlash shows that the tooth profile meshes well, the backlash distribution is reasonable and verifies the geometrical property of the TCTP. The number of meshing teeth has been guaranteed."
" A new algorithm to obtain various complicated tooth surface equations like one of spiral bevel gears is presented. The algorithm utilizes the envelope relationship between the cutting tool and the work piece and vector transformation including vector rotation and movement. It only requires individual processing coordinate system. In contrast to the traditional algorithms, the algorithm can not only simplify the establishment of reference frames, but also avoid the matrix operation during coordinate transformation. Finally, through comparing the calculated tooth surface of a pinion with the processed one, the results show that the deviation distributions of both pinion concave and convex surfaces are logical and the algorithm is accurate."
" Tooth-tip Leakage flux (TLF) has a major effect on the prediction of air-gap flux distribution and electromagnetic torque in the permanent magnet (PM) machines. Therefore, deriving a model for TLF is necessary for machine design and optimization. Accurate modeling of TLF can lead to fast and precise solutions, which ease the analysis of electromagnetic devices. It also provides the opportunity to increase torque density by more efficient utilization of PM's volume and prevent saturation in machine optimization. This paper presents a method for modeling and analyzing TLFs in a radial-flux dual-stator permanent magnet (DSPM) machine with diametrically magnetized cylindrical permanent magnets (DMCPM) in series and parallel magnetic circuit structures. In this model, some expressions in terms of machine dimensions are derived for the TLF analysis. Finite element method (FEM) is applied to validate the proposed model. Results indicate that the maximum error between the proposed model and FEM is insignificant (less than 6%). Finally, by a prototyped machine the validity of the proposed model was investigated with the experimental tests."
" A monopole microstrip antenna with the radiator having two pairs of rectangular teeth of different sizes is considered. The influence of the size of the teeth and the position of the cutouts between them on the electrodynamic characteristics of the antenna at the first and second resonance frequencies is studied. Based on the results of the analysis, the approach is proposed to optimize the electrodynamic characteristics of this antenna type for given parameters. The practical application of this approach in the designing the four-tooth-shaped dual-band antenna for Wi-Fi applications is shown."
" The fractional slots tooth concentrated windings are characterized by high number of a magnetic field spatial harmonics. It leads to undesirable effects on an electrical machine, such as eddy current loss in the rotor, localized core saturation, vibration and noises. This paper compares three electrical machines with different fractional slots tooth concentrated windings but designed for the same power with the same active volume. The compared machines' performances and harmonic content of the created magnetic field are presented. In particular, the winding which allows to improve the harmonic content of the magnetic field with the improved topology is presented."
" This paper studies a modular permanent magnet synchronous machine (MPMSM) converted from a traditional single-core 24-slot 20-pole tooth-coil winding permanent magnet synchronous machine (TCW PMSM). The performance of the TCW PMSM is compared with the performance of the MPMSM (rearranged from this TCW PMSM) by the finite element method (FEM). It is found that if an electrical machine with a modular structure is designed, the efficiency of the MPMSM may be degraded compared with the conventional structure, especially, if a solid rotor yoke is used. However, the advantages of the proposed MPMSM are related to an option to scale up the machine by applying a certain number of modules, or removing faulty modules (while keeping the healthy modules working). This makes this type of a motor design applicable in certain life-critical applications, or in applications where scaling of the motor power might be needed. As a prototype, a low-power, low-speed generator added to a hook block of a hoist to supply power to measurement electronics is studied."
" Combining computer technology and camera equipment, teeth of the collected gear images were ""discretized"" by algorithm and the number of teeth were counted. The radius and modulus of the addendum circle were further obtained to obtain the radius of the base circle. By solving the midpoint where the base circle and tooth profile intersect on the base circle, the equation of the tangent line tangent to the tooth profile was obtained. The length by which the tangent line intersects with the tooth profile across k teeth is the common normal length. It is significant to detect gear tooth number and common normal length using computer vision system instead of manual detection. The shot images were subject to a series of images processing using OpenCV combined with the algorithm, and the length was calculated, which is helpful to achieve non-contact detection of gear precision."
" In this paper, a novel double-rotor hybrid excited axial switched-flux permanent magnet (DRHE-ASFPM) machine incorporating the advantages of the axial switched-flux permanent magnet (PM) machine and wound field synchronous machine is investigated. Similar to the switched-flux PM machine, there is a large undesired cogging torque in the DRHE-ASFPM machine because of high air-gap density and strong flux-focusing effect. This paper presents and compares three cogging torque reduction techniques in the DRHE-ASFPM machine, including stator/rotor teeth notching, stator slot chamfering, as well as stator slot chamfering and teeth notching (SCTN). The analytical expression of the cogging torque is derived and three methods are analyzed and compared in detail. As verified by 3-D finite element (FE) method, the SCTN technique can effectively reduce the cogging torque extremely, but slightly decrease the output torque under both PM and hybrid excitation modes. Finally, an optimized prototype machine with SCTN structure is manufactured, and the experiment is performed to validate the FE predicted results."
" In this article, a novel exterior-rotor multiple teeth enhanced-torque switched reluctance motor (SRM) is proposed, which exploits permanent magnets (PMs) inside the end teeth of the neighboring stator poles. First, the topology of the proposed motor, namely PM-SRM, is introduced and its working principle is illustrated. Then, based on the magnetic equivalent circuit (MEC) of the motor, it is proven that the PMs contribute to increase the air-gap flux density and regulate the stator poles flux density. As a result, the output torque of the motor is increased as well. The electromagnetic analyses of the proposed PM-SRM are performed using 3-D finite-element analysis. To validate the improved performance of the proposed PM-SRM, it is compared with its PMless counterpart and a classical 12/10-pole SRM in terms of the output torque and power, losses, and efficiency. It is shown that the proposed motor outperforms the two compared motors in terms of the output power and torque, and efficiency. Finally, a prototype of the motor is fabricated and tested to evaluate the predicted results. Both simulation and experimental results demonstrate the high torque and power production capability of the proposed PM-SRM."
" Dentition identification and root canal are very common in dentistry. Dentition identification helps dentists to diagnose the teeth conditions of patient and discuss about their treatments, while root canal is one of the common treatments. The goal of this paper is to label tooth dentition and identify root canal via GAN and rule-based algorithm. Before inputting images into GAN, the original images were sharpened to make the learning task easier. Next, we use the rule-based algorithm to identify root canal. For evaluating proposed method, we invite three dentists to evaluate the accuracy of the results, and they consider that the results are reliable. We also discuss the impact that iterations have on accuracy. The model becomes stable when iteration comes to 12000, and the accuracy reaches 93.7%."
" The purpose of this study was to evaluate on a group of 67 patients (29 boys and 38 girls) aged 6-37 years the frequency of the type of impacted teeth, the treatment performed, as well as to compare the images obtained on the panoramic radiographs and on the cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) in order to establish an appropriate therapeutic decision. The impacted canine was the most frequent, followed by the incisor and premolar impaction. The most common therapeutic procedure was surgical exposure and orthodontic traction. The therapeutic decision was changed after examining the CBCT images, which brought additional information about the impacted tooth and the relationships with the adjacent tissues. The three-dimensional CBCT reconstructions were relevant for visualizing the path of the impacted tooth, the buccal-palatal choice of the surgical opening and the evolution of the orthodontic traction of the impacted tooth."
" Permanent magnets (PMs) have been widely used in different types of electrical machines to improve their performance. This paper introduces a novel multi-tooth hybrid-excited switched reluctance motor (MT-HESRM) with PMs placed between the end teeth of the adjacent modules. Thanks to the innovative method of embedding PMs, a unique design is developed. First, the operating principle of the motor is explained and the magnetic circuit model (MCM) of the motor is analyzed. The magnetic characteristics in terms of flux density, flux linkage, inductance, and torque are obtained and compared with those of its PMless counterpart. The mathematical model of the reluctance and PM torques is presented. The reluctance and PM torques are decoupled using the finite element analysis and the torque contribution of the PMs is discussed. The steady-state operations of both motors with both current chopping and single-pulse controls are analyzed and compared under different speeds. Finally, both motors are manufactured, the laboratory tests are done, and the experimental results are extracted. Both the simulation and test results elucidate that the MT-HESRM, which has only three small PMs as auxiliary flux sources, has unique features in terms of high output power and torque with a negligible cogging torque."
" In modern era of rat race, people are becoming very stressful to face the competitive world. In this paper, we are presenting an innovative system that will help to reduce the stress level and provides mental peace. Here, Brainwave Sensor is used to detect the mental condition of a person. After sensing the stress condition, some prerecorded musical tone of a specially designed Faraday's guitar is automatically turned on and played through a bluetooth activated speaker. This system will help in a great extent to get rid of mental stress which will in turn reduce the blood pressure and other physical parameters to improve the health condition."
" Precisely labeling teeth on digitalized 3D dental surface models is the precondition for tooth position rearrangements in orthodontic treatment planning. However, it is a challenging task primarily due to the abnormal and varying appearance of patients' teeth. The emerging utilization of intraoral scanners (IOSs) in clinics further increases the difficulty in automated tooth labeling, as the raw surfaces acquired by IOS are typically low-quality at gingival and deep intraoral regions. In recent years, some pioneering end-to-end methods (e.g., PointNet) have been proposed in the communities of computer vision and graphics to consume directly raw surface for 3D shape segmentation. Although these methods are potentially applicable to our task, most of them fail to capture fine-grained local geometric context that is critical to the identification of small teeth with varying shapes and appearances. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end deep-learning method, called MeshSegNet, for automated tooth labeling on raw dental surfaces. Using multiple raw surface attributes as inputs, MeshSegNet integrates a series of graph-constrained learning modules along its forward path to hierarchically extract multi-scale local contextual features. Then, a dense fusion strategy is applied to combine local-to-global geometric features for the learning of higher-level features for mesh cell annotation. The predictions produced by our MeshSegNet are further post-processed by a graph-cut refinement step for final segmentation. We evaluated MeshSegNet using a real-patient dataset consisting of raw maxillary surfaces acquired by 3D IOS. Experimental results, performed 5-fold cross-validation, demonstrate that MeshSegNet significantly outperforms state-of-the-art deep learning methods for 3D shape segmentation."
" In order to eliminate the tooth surface errors and ensure precision of spiral bevel and hypoid gears generated by the duplex helical method, two new methodologies for the format gears and the generated gear or the pinion manufactured by the duplex helical method are proposed. Firstly, the cutting characteristics of this method is analyzed, both mathematical models for the format gear and the generated gear or the pinion generated by the duplex helical are established, one includes 8 machine settings, the other one includes up to 40 universal motion coefficients. Furthermore, the tooth surface errors of the grid points are represented by up to 6th order polynomials, then Constraint Least Square Method for determining the appropriate changes of the corrective machine settings is proposed to minimize the tooth flank form errors. Finally, new tooth flank form error correction software for spiral bevel and hypoid gears has been developed and a hypoid gear set generated by the duplex helical method is used as an example to validate the effectiveness of the software. The results reveal that the flexibility and efficiency of the tooth flank form error correction for both format gear and pinion generated by duplex helical method are greatly improved. In addition, the new approach can also be applied to the tooth flank form error correction of bevel and hypoid gears generated by other process methods."
" Stator current modeling for defective planetary gearboxes based on magnetic equivalent circuits (MEC) is conducted in this study. A lumped parameter torsional model of the motor-planetary gearbox coupling system is established to obtain the nonlinear time-variable torsional response of the rotor numerically. A MEC model of an induction motor is established by connecting the equivalent flux tubes with nodes. After considering the time-variable rotor torsional response, the nonlinear magnetic field intensity of the iron material and magnetic saturation, an iterative numerical integration method is presented to solve the MEC model. Both a finite element analysis and dynamic tests on a planetary gearbox driven by an induction motor are carried out for verification. Based on these, the fault characteristic components in the stator current spectra are, respectively, identified when the tooth chipping defect appears at sun/planet/ring gears. Fault-related frequencies are essentially represented by the combinations between the meshing frequency, sun/planet/ring gear fault passing frequency, its harmonics, and the power supply frequency. Owing to the electromechanical coupling effect, high-order harmonics of the power supply frequency also participate in the fault-related frequencies of the planet and ring gears. By quantitatively analyzing the influence of chipping size on the amplitudes of fault characteristic frequencies, suitable spectra for planetary gearbox condition monitoring are recommended."
" Accurate tooth segmentation is an essential step for reconstructing the three-dimensional tooth models used in various clinical applications. In this paper, we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN) based method for fully-automatic tooth segmentation with multi-phase training and preprocessing. For multi-phase training, we defined and used sub-volumes of different sizes to produce stable and fast convergence. To deal with the cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) images from various CBCT scanners, we used a histogram-based method as a preprocessing step to estimate the average gray density level of the bone and tooth regions. Also, we developed a posterior probability function. Regularizing the CNN models with spatial dropout layers and replacing the convolutional layers with dense convolution blocks further improved the segmentation performance. Experimental results showed that the proposed method compared favorably with existing methods."
" In this paper the solutions for minimizing eddy current losses in permanent magnets and pulsations of the electromagnetic moment in synchronous electric machines with permanent magnets and fractional tooth-coil winding are considered. Several structural designs of these machines with different locations of the magnetic flux barrier in the magnetic core are considered. The studies of the presented designs are carried out by computer simulation methods in the software complex Ansys Maxwell. The research tasks include dynamic analysis of electromagnetic moments and their pulsations, eddy current losses in permanent magnets and distribution of magnetic flux density in the considered design schemes. Based on these criteria, the most effective location of the magnetic barrier is determined. Simulation is carried out both for the motor operating mode and for the generator mode. In addition, the characteristics of the synchronous electric machines with permanent magnets with a fractional tooth-coil winding are also investigated when a magnetic barrier and a ferromagnetic wedge are used simultaneously. A controlled magnetic barrier is proposed to use for minimizing the higher subharmonics without degrading the energy characteristics."
" The tubular linear permanent magnet oscillator (TLPMO) has been widely used in the industrial field as an energy conversion machine. Detent force is an obvious drawback of TLPMO, and one of the efficient ways to minimize this phenomenon is by adding auxiliary teeth. In this article, a magnetic field reconstruction (MFRC) method is proposed to analyze the TLPMO comprehensively, in which the auxiliary-teeth, slot, and end effects are included. First, the subdomain conversion model is used to consider the end effects of the slotless magnetic field under no-load condition. Thereafter, the two-step Schwarz-Christoffel transformation method is launched to account for auxiliary-teeth and slot effects. Subsequently, the MFRC technology is performed to integrate the above-mentioned results, and the forces are obtained. Finally, the accuracy of the presented method is validated by comparing the results from the FEA model and experiment of the TLPMO prototype. The main contribution of this article is presenting a hybrid method that has a good tradeoff between the computation time and accuracy. The analytical results using the MFRC method closely agree with that of the FEA model, and it has less than 7% deviation compared with the experimental measurement. Hence, it can be regarded as an efficient tool in the initial design procedures of TLPMO."
" Smart dental is becoming an area of interest for RF microelectronics researchers and dental practitioners. It promises to attract significant interest from industry. The ability to wirelessly monitor oral health with minimum invasion with minimum power devices is clearly a major advantage. However, the mouth cavity does not allow for easy transmission of waves due to its complex structure and constantly changing and variable environment. In this presentation the speaker will discuss current trends in implantable devices for dental fixtures and orthodontics. The challenges in placing devices, including sensors and miniaturized antenna will be outlined. Recent work by the authors have shown that it is possible to embed self-powered especially designed devices into dental fixtures and use then for various monitoring purposes including teeth health and even on longer terms predict illnesses in the body."
" This paper investigates the biomechanical response of the tooth and the surrounding tissues under a special type of the orthodontic loading. A 3D model of the upper left incisor of the human tooth is constructed. The periodontal ligament (PDL) is considered as a hyperfoam material and the other tissues are studied as elastic materials. The material properties of the PDL are determined by fitting the experimental stress-strain data of a lamb specimen to the hyperfoam constitutive equations. The goal of this study is to analysis the stress distribution under two loading conditions where the force magnitudes are set to 1N and 2N and they are applied in the mesial-distal direction on three different regions of the tooth crown. Results showed that by applying force to the tooth, the stress concentration is observed mostly on the mesial and distal sides. The maximum value of the compressive stress by the loads of 1N and 2N on the topmost point is 0.219MPa and 0.878Mpa, respectively. The tensile stress is detected on the mesial side where its minimum value by the loads of 1N and 2N on the topmost point is -0.069MPa and 0.307MPa, respectively. According to the results, the PDL absorbs the stress and prevents the large deformation of the alveolar bone. Results showed that the behavior of the tooth during the orthodontic loading reduces the possible injury to the tooth and bone tissues."
" The raise boring machine, which plays a crucial role in wellbore construction, has been widely applied in subway tunnels and mine construction projects. High levels of quality and safety, make it recognized and promoted by an increasing number of users. The tipped hob as a rock-breaking cutter of the raise boring machine poses a direct influence on the efficiency of the well-bore construction. In this paper, the finite element software LS-DYNA is employed to establish the model of the crushed rock with the tipped hob, and the accuracy of the model is examined by experiments. On this basis, the variation laws and correlations of feed force, lateral force and positive force under different penetration depths are studied. The results show that as the penetration depth increases, the feed force, lateral force and positive force all grow exponentially. In the geological environment with high rock hardness, spherical tooth can effectively reduce cutter wear and conical tooth can achieve higher crushing ability. The research results provide a theoretical basis for the selection of a suitable tipped hob to improve rock breaking efficiency."
" Endodontic treatment is needed to rehabilitate or even to repair the damaged teeth by root canal treating. The treatment of seriously damaged teeth often requires an endodontic post to rebuild the tooth structure before crown restoration. The aim of this study is to evaluate the loading characteristic of the anterior teeth restored with endodontic post using finite element analysis method. Based on micro CTscan of extracted maxillary anterior teeth, 3D endodontically treated teeth model was created. A various vertical distributed load from 50 N to 300 N and increased by was applied on the palatal surface of the crown of the restored anterior teeth to calculate the value of von Mises stress distribution. The results showed that maximum von Mises stress value in dentin, enamel and fiberglass post was increased according to the increase of the load and the critical point of the treated teeth is on the cervical margin of the palatal surface of the crown."
" This paper presents a novel 0.4 V G
m
C integrator design approach and fourth order bandpass filter design for EMG biomedical applications with high DC gain and and low power consumption. The filter and integrator are implemented with a new architecture in 180nm CMOS process. By using negative resistance in proposed integrator the response can be controllable. The negative resistance in this paper is implemented with Operational Trans Conductance Amplifier(OTA) The response of proposed integrator is close to ideal integrator behavior.The OTA used in this work is operated with 0.4 V supply and bulk driven structure. The maximum power consumption of integrator is 45 nW and cut off frequency is 160 Hz. The fourth order bandpass filter is consumes 117nW power with bandwidth 260 Hz. The dynamic range of the filter is 63dB."
" Due to considerable progress made in the development of micro-bubbles for use in medical and industrial applications, this study explored the method of using a micro-bubble generating tooth tray to clean oral plaques for patients who cannot effectively maintain oral hygiene through conventional means such as toothbrushes and toothpaste. Patients with periodontitis often have difficulty in maintaining oral hygiene with toothbrushes during treatment periods, especially for patients with severe conditions where brushing may cause bleeding of the gingiva and increase the chance of bacterial infection. In this study, we experimented using five rotation speeds of the bubble generator, two different nozzle diameters, and the number of nozzles was six holes to deliver micro-bubble water stream through tooth tray to clean bacteria coated on a denture. Our results showed that with various combinations of motor speed settings and pore diameters, a clearing rate of 80.99%, while in some combinations a clearing rate of 93.3% was possible. This confirmed the plaque removing function of the micro-bubble water streams. In general, nozzles with smaller diameters coupled with low-speed motor had higher cleaning efficiency. The number of holes was found to significantly influence micro-bubble dimensions, and the micro-bubble dimensions were found to have a significant impact on plaque removal. From these results it theorized that plaque removal is influenced by the dimension of micro-bubbles; smaller bubble diameter led to improved plaque removal efficacy, which was also confirmed by our regression analysis."
" The most significant assumption of conventional analytical methods (e.g., the subdomain technique) is that the stator and rotor iron cores are infinitely permeable. The magnetic saturation is ignored, resulting in an overestimation of the flux density. This article presents an analytical model of permanent magnet (PM) machines with segmented Halbach arrays (PMMSHA). It considers the finite magnetic permeabilities of the stator teeth and tooth tips (STTT) and can study the tooth saturation effect. The permeability variation in the slots and teeth is solved via Cauchy's product theorem. Based on magnetic vector potential and the Maxwell-Fourier method, Poisson's and Laplace's equations in the stator teeth/slots, tooth tips/slot openings, air gap, and PMs regions are solved. Consequently, the electromagnetic performance, including the magnetic field distribution in all regions, exciting force density, cogging torque, and electromagnetic torque, is calculated. The results of finite element analysis (FEA) show that the analytical model is highly accurate. Furthermore, the influences of the permeability of the STTT and the number of blocks per pole (NBPP) on the performance of the PMMSHA are studied."
" The seeker servo system is one of the core components of the machine-driven seeker system, and its performance directly affects the overall performance of the seeker system. In this paper, in order to improve the transmission accuracy of a missile-borne radar seeker servo system, a transmission combination form of a double-torque motor transmission and a pitch-to-two-tooth transmission in the azimuth direction is proposed. The transmission mode of the double-tooth differential tooth backlash, the servo system has the characteristics of compact structure and high transmission precision. The feasibility and reliability of the structural design were verified by the mechanics analysis."
" Manufacturers often buy and/or license communication ICs from third-party suppliers. These communication ICs are then integrated into a complex computational system, resulting in a wide range of potential hardware-software security issues. This work proposes a compact supervisory circuit to classify the Bluetooth profile operation of a Bluetooth System-on-Chip (SoC) at low frequencies by monitoring the radio frequency (RF) output power of the Bluetooth SoC. The idea is to inexpensively manufacture an RF envelope detector to monitor the RF output power and a profile classification algorithm on a custom low-frequency integrated circuit in a low-cost legacy technology. When the supervisory circuit observes unexpected behavior, it can shut off power to the Bluetooth SoC. In this preliminary work, we proto-type the supervisory circuit using off-the-shelf components to collect a sufficient data set to train 11 different Machine Learning models. We extract smart descriptive time-domain features from the envelope of the RF output signal. Then, we train the machine learning models to classify three different Bluetooth operation profiles: sensor, hands-free, and headset. Our results demonstrate 100% classification accuracy with low computational complexity."
" In this paper, we expound the application of Mask RCNN on automatic tooth detection and segmentation. Mask R-CNN is a recently proposed surprising algorithm for object detection and semantic segmentation. This paper aims at detecting and segmenting tooth only. We show that Mask RCNN also has a good segmentation effect in complex and crowded teeth structures. We use the pixel accuracy (PA) to evaluate the results."
" This paper presents an analysis of a permanent magnet synchronous machine (PMSM) with an unequal teeth width. The use of the concentrated nonoverlapping winding, also known as tooth-coil winding, has certain advantages. In addition, asymmetric features can be exploited by adopting this winding configuration to improve the machine performance. The procedure involves increasing the stator tooth width and, to the same extent, reducing the adjacent stator tooth width. In this paper, an analytical method was employed to predict and understand the back-EMF behavior, and a finite element analysis (FEA) was performed to verify the analytical method. Furthermore, a detailed study of the machine performance (electromagnetic torque, flux density, and losses) was carried out by the FEA. The machine was built and tested to validate the performance of the machine."
" A fiber-optic sensor of the force (pressure) of the muscles of the tongue on the palate for use in therapeutic dentistry is proposed. Recommendations for laying optical fibers in the sensor, providing an increase in the sensitivity of optical signal conversion in the transducer, are developed. The new technical solution fiber-optic sensor of force (pressure) of muscles of language in stomatology will allow to provide safe, exact and reliable measurement, to improve quality of service of small patients at an initial stage of diagnostics of the disease connected with congenital clefts of the upper lip and the sky and other anomalies of an oral cavity."
" The dc winding induced voltage in hybrid-excited machines can lead to dc winding current ripple and hence, fluctuating field excitation. It may also challenge the dc power source and increase the difficulty of machine control, especially at high speed. The dc winding induced voltage in a hybrid-excited switched-flux permanent magnet (HESFPM) machine is investigated in this article. The phenomenon and mechanism of the dc winding induced voltages under both open-circuit and on-load conditions are analyzed, with particular emphasis on on-load operation which consists of open-circuit induced voltage and armature current induced voltage, respectively. Two techniques, i.e., rotor step skewing and unequal rotor teeth, are proposed and comparatively investigated by the finite-element (FE) method to suppress the dc winding induced voltage under on-load condition. FE results show that the peak-to-peak value of on-load dc winding induced voltage can be effectively suppressed by 96.15% or 89.05% by rotor step skewing or unequal rotor teeth, respectively, while the average on-load electromagnetic torque can be maintained at 89.4% or 87.8%. A prototype HESFPM machine is built and tested to verify the FE results."
" This paper presents an approach to quantify the effective resistance of a trace at DC by taking metal roughness into account. Algorithms were developed to approximate the resistance variation at 0Hz due to roughness and results were compared with hand calculations, 3D model simulations and measurement. The existing models in the industry are valid only for higher frequencies where skin effect is fully developed. They do not hold true for modeling at DC. In flex designs where the traces are very thin, the surface roughness parameter can be relatively large and can have a significant impact on signal transmission and power delivery of the system at DC."
" Owing to a group of permanent magnets (PMs) with the same magnetization direction are replaced by salient iron core, the consequent-pole (CP) PM machines generally suffer from asymmetry flux density. This will leads to the even-order back-EMF harmonics, which have negative influence on the electromagnetic performance. It is widely known that the even-order back-EMF harmonics cannot be eliminated for the machines with odd backEMF phasor belongs to one phase in one machine periodicity, i.e., N
0
 is odd (N
0
 = NS/mt, where NS is the number of slot for one machine, t is the unit sub-machine periodicity, m is the number of phase). Hence, this paper proposes a general modularization method solving this problem. The elimination principle of even-order back-EMF harmonics in the modular stator (MS) is explained by the star of slots. Further, the MS with auxiliary winding (AW) and auxiliary teeth (AT) are proposed to improve the electromagnetic performance of the MS CP (MSCP) PM machine. Then, the electromagnetic characteristics, including open circuit field distribution and back-EMFs, torque characteristics, unbalanced magnetic force (UMF), loss distribution characteristics as well as efficiency contours are comprehensively compared. Finally, the MSCP PM machine with auxiliary winding (MSCP-AW) is fabricated and tested to verify the theoretical analysis as well as the finite element (FE) results."
" This work is about analyzing the effect of changing the addendum factor on contact ratio factor and contact stress generated on zone action of spur gear teeth during meshing. In this paper, three values of addendum factor were considered: 1, 1.15 and 1.25, for each the contact stress was calculated according to ISO formula and compared with the results obtained from finite element method. To come up with the results, the 3D model was generated and assembled in SolidWorks software, using involute spur gear model, then treated for stress analysis on ANSYS Workbench (FEM)."
" In this article, three novel divided-teeth switched reluctance motors (SRMs) with 24/26, 36/38, and 48/50 tooth combinations are proposed. First, the topologies of the proposed SRMs are introduced. Next, the three divided teeth SRMs along with a conventional 12/10-pole SRM are simulated using a 2-dimensional finite element method (FEM) and the results are obtained and compared concerning distributions of magnetic flux density, flux linkage, static torque, and maximum and average torque. The results indicate that as the number of teeth augments, the output torque of the motor enhances. Hence, the 48/50-tooth SRM produces the largest average torque among all proposed motors, which may be selected as an appropriate choice for high-torque applications. Finally, the steady-state results of the 48/50 motor are obtained using a chopping current control (CCC) to illustrate the normal working of the machine."
" Accurate tooth segmentation from CBCT images is a crucial step for specialist to perform quantitative analysis, clinical diagnosis and operation. In this paper, we present a symmetric full convolutional network with residual block and Dense Conditional Random Field (DCRF), which can achieve accurate segmentation automatically for tooth images. The proposed method can not only strengthen feature propagation, but also boost feature reuse, which can be credited to the contracting path and the expanding path that extract and recover pixel cues sufficiently. To this end, we apply special deep bottleneck architectures (DBAs) and summation-based skip connection into our network to ensure accurate segmentation for much deeper neural network. Compared with previous methods which are based on conditional random field for original image intensity, our approach applies DCRF to the posterior probability generated by the proposed network. To avoid the interferences of noises around the tooth, we combine the pixel-level prediction capability of DCRF, which further enhance the segmentation performance. In the experiments, we verify the capabilities of our methods based on four evaluation indicators, which demonstrates the superiority of our method."
" Gears are used for motion and power transmission in various systems. The main factor that causes the gears system failure is the bending stress and contact stress. This paper is about studying the effect of the Profile Shift Factor x on the bending stress generated on the root of the spur gear teeth pair, to minimize the stress and optimize the design. Three cases of Profile Shift Factor are chosen in this work, x=0, x=0.1, and x=0.2. The theoretical results of bending stress are calculated using ISO standard equation according to the LEWIS theory and confirmed by Finite Element Method (EFM) with ANSYS Workbench software. The three geometry models are generated on Solidworks."
" Outer rotor permanent magnet machines have been applied to low-speed and high-torque applications for their high moment of inertia and torque density. The 12-slot/10-pole outer rotor fractional slot permanent magnet machine model is established by the finite element analysis (FEA) in this paper, and the no-load back EMF, air-gap flux density and flux distribution of the machine are preliminarily simulated and verified. The stator tooth width of outer rotor permanent magnet machine is analyzed, and five different schemes of stator tooth width are designed. It is proved that the torque density can be effectively improved by using reasonable armature tooth width and auxiliary tooth width by FEA. At last, the reason of improving the output torque is explained by the analysis of the magnetic density and the winding coefficient of the armature tooth."
" The method for improving torque density by suitable selection of stator teeth and tips width in Fractional-slot concentrated winding permanent magnet (FSCW PM) machines with similar slot and pole numbers was researched. A 12-slot/10-pole machine is chosen as an example, in which six schemes of tooth and tip widths were designed. In each scheme, torque characteristics were simulated by FEA. The results show that torque density can be improved when machines adopts the unequal stator teeth and tips width. Appropriate teeth and tips width maximizes the tooth flux and winding factor, and thus improves the torque density effectively."
" This paper presents an approach to automatic and accurate segmentation and identification of individual teeth from digital dental casts via deep graph convolutional neural networks. Instead of performing the teeth-gingiva and inter-tooth segmentation in two separate phases, the proposed method enables the simultaneous segmentation and identification of the gingiva and teeth. We perform the vertex-wise feature learning via the feature steered graph convolutional neural network (FeaStNet) [1] that dynamically updates the mapping between convolutional filters and local patches from digital dental casts. The proposed framework handles the tightly intertwined segmentation and labeling tasks with a novel constraint on crown shape distribution and concave contours to remove ambiguous labeling of neighboring teeth. We further enforce the smooth segmentation using the pairwise relationship in local patches to penalize rough and inaccurate region boundaries and regularize the vertex-wise labeling in the training process. The qualitative and quantitative evaluations on the digital dental casts obtained in the clinical orthodontics demonstrate that the proposed method achieves efficient and accurate tooth segmentation and produces performance improvements to the state-of-the-art."
" Tooth instance segmentation provides important assistance for computer-aided orthodontic treatment. Many previous studies on this issue have limited performance on distinguishing adjacent teeth and obtaining accurate tooth boundaries. To address the challenging task, in this paper, we present a novel method achieving tooth instance segmentation and classification from cone beam CT (CBCT) images. The core of our method is a two-level hierarchical deep neural network. We first embed center-sensitive mechanism with global stage heatmap, so as to ensure accurate tooth centers and guide the localization of tooth instances. Then in the local stage, DenseASPP-UNet is proposed for fine segmentation and classification of individual tooth. Further, in order to improve the accuracy of tooth segmentation boundary and refine the boundaries of overlapped teeth, a boundary-aware dice loss and a novel label optimization are also applied in our method. Comparative experiments show that the proposed framework exhibits high segmentation performance and outperforms the state-of-the-art methods."
" In the railway detection systems, the existing online calibration of operational outdoor structured-light vision sensors usually encounters complex lighting, camera equipped with optical filters and large fields of view (FOVs) etc. These problems seriously limit calibration precision and efficiency. A novel onsite line structured-light vision sensor calibration method independent of target reference feature points and which utilizes a multi-tooth free-moving target is proposed. The intersection points are determined as feature points by using a laser irradiated on the target, and the feature points in the target coordinate system are established on the basis of cross-ratio invariant. Then, the 3D coordinates of feature points in the camera coordinate system are calculated by combining the intrinsic parameters. Meanwhile, the method based on the uncertainty model is used to optimize the location deviation of the feature points after compensation, and the equation of the laser plane is finally obtained. High-accuracy calibration of outdoor line structured-light vision sensor can be achieved when moving freely even without the removal of the optical filter and the use of any auxiliary equipment. The measurement accuracy of our method is equivalent to that of other methods using planar target in ideal imaging conditions. In addition, our method can be applied to online wheel-size measurement system and can meet the calibration and measurement requirements in complex onsite railway environment."
" With the development of vibration mechanism research on electrical machines, the tooth modulation effect was found recently. Besides, the tangential effect, which contains both the air-gap tangential force's effect and the influence of tangential magnetic field on the radial force, was also proved to be of great importance. Nevertheless, these effects are still not found to be considered in the analytical or hybrid vibration synthesis methods, which are quite efficient for machine vibration analysis. Hence, this paper proposes a hybrid vibration synthesis method for electrical machines taking both these two effects into account to improve the accuracy. The electromagnetic (EM) force processing and transfer function construction processes of the proposed method are detailly presented. By applying this hybrid model to a PM machine and conducting an experimental study, the accuracy of this method is validated. Moreover, based on the proposed method, the influences of tooth modulation and tangential effects on the machine's vibration are analyzed. The result proves the significance of these two effects and highlights the contribution of this paper."
" Modelling is an important task for condition monitoring and decision making purpose of geared systems. A 10 DOF (Degree of Freedom) lumped parameter model is proposed in this paper to simulate the vibrational response of a two-stage spur gear system under healthy and faulty conditions. A quadratic path is adopted for the crack propagation through the gear tooth thickness and gear mesh stiffness for different crack lengths was calculated using the potential energy method. A set of time and frequency domain indicators were used to see their efficiency on tracking the crack fault severity. Simulation results showed that the peak value is the most sensitive time-domain indicator to the crack fault propagation. In the frequency domain, sideband peaks amplitude of the residual signal showed a good consistency with the crack length evolution."
" Cracked teeth are generally observed in dental practice and are always nightmare to the patients due to their unpredictable symptoms and diagnostic conundrum for the dental practitioner due to their variable and unusual clinical presentation. Cracked teeth are the common cause of tooth loss after periodontal diseases and caries. The treatment of diseases related to teeth are typically lengthy and include a considerable morbidity. Current teeth crack detection method includes optical assessment with or without the aid surgical loupes and microscopes etc. However, liquid penetrant test is one of the cheapest and easiest method of cracked teeth inspection. Penetrants are either visible dye penetrants of fluorescent dye penetrant. In this study, an investigation of the effectiveness of caries detection dye and fluorescence dyes for detection of cracked teeth has been conducted. The test results indicated that the dye penetrant liquid leaked into the small cracks and dents of the animal and human teeth and made those defects visible."
" In order to avoid the interference and lateral clearance between the non-circular synchronous pulley and synchronous belt, to improve the carrying capacity and transmission accuracy of the synchronous pulley, and to reduce the noise in the process of transmission. In this paper, the conjugate engagement theorem of generating method was applied to the calculation of the tooth profile of the non-circular synchronous pulley. The tooth profile of synchronous pulley was obtained by enveloping the pitch curve of non-circular synchronous pulley with a rack cutter and a local quadrant method was proposed to extract the complete tooth profile points based on the distribution characteristics of the data points of the envelope curve. The auxiliary design program was compiled by MATLAB, and through the calculation and comparison of examples, it was found that the method was simple, reliable, and highly accurate."
" As part of the ongoing NGC-project (Next Generation Car) related to the research of new technologies for future road vehicles at DLR, this paper is dedicated to the topic of increasing the speed of electrical machine optimization. Therefore a sensitivity analysis of three optimization parameter has been carried out. During this analysis the effects of these parameters have been explored. The electrically excited synchronous machine (EESM) is selected as the main drive train in an electric vehicle and rotor geometry has been designed to decrease the ripple with a low reduction of the main torque.For this study EESM has been adapted with three torque ripple reduction techniques. The torque and torque ripple ranges are compared with a sensitivity analysis. This analysis can speed up the design of electrical machines. Before design optimization some optimization parameter can be excluded based on the sensitivity analysis. An optimization with less parameter is much faster. A rising number of parameter causes an exponential increase of calculation time.The results of this paper show that skewing is most effective over all. But changing the shape of tooth in cosine form in selected regions has more effect in the parameter room."
 Expert Systems were knowledge-based programs that provided expert quality solutions to problems in a specific domain. The concept of this expert system was a computer program that mimics the thought process and expert knowledge in solving a particular problem. The implementation of expert system was widely used in then health field because the expert system was seen as a way of strong expert knowledge in certain field in a computer program. So that decisions could be given in intelligent reasoning. This work used certainty factor (CF) method implemented in a web-based expert system to diagnose various dental and mouth diseases. The experimental result indicated 99% in accuracy of the testing compared compared to the experts diagnosis.
" The tooth-marked tongue refers to the tongue with the edge featured in jagged teeth marks, which is a significant indicator for reflecting the conditions of patients’ internal organs in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). From the perspective of computer vision, due to the small variance in the global region (original image) but the large variance in the local region (tongue region), especially in the differential region (tongue edge region around landmarks), the recognition of the tooth-marked tongue is a naturally fine-grained classification task. To address this challenging task, a two-stage method based on tongue region detection and tongue landmark detection via deep learning is proposed in this paper. In the first stage, we introduce a cascaded convolutional neural network to detect the tongue region and tongue landmarks simultaneously for minimizing the redundancy information and maximizing discriminative information explicitly. In the second stage, we send not only the detected tongue region but also the detected tongue landmarks to a fine-grained classification network for the final recognition. Conclusively, our method is highly consistent with human perception. Moreover, to the best of our knowledge, we are the first attempt to manage the tooth-marked tongue recognition via deep learning. We conducted extensive experiments with the proposed method. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method."
